 LACK Wall shelf, black-brown, 43 1/4x10 1/4" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage & organization Shelving furniture Wall shelves Complete wall shelves LACK Wall shelf 5 LACK images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Best seller Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media More from the LACK series LACK Wall shelf, black-brown, 43 1/4x10 1/4 " $ 29 . 99 Price $ 29.99 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3489 (3489) Screws for wall mounting sold separately. Choose color : Black-brown How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 29 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements LACK 401.036.33 This sleek wall shelf gets the job done in a discreet and almost invisible way. The hidden suspension brackets make it blend into the wall – highlighting your favorite items. More information Materials and care Material Shelf: Particleboard, Fiberboard, Plastic edging, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Clear acrylic lacquer Filling material: Honeycomb structure paper filling (100% recycled) Shelf support: Steel, Steel, Epoxy/polyester powder coating Care Wood Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 Advice and care instructions LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 With a wall shelf, you make the most of the wall area, while freeing up space on the floor. Designer IKEA of Sweden Good to know Hidden suspension brackets are included. Coordinates with other products in the LACK series. Screws for wall mounting sold separately. Materials and care Material Shelf: Particleboard, Fiberboard, Plastic edging, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Clear acrylic lacquer Filling material: Honeycomb structure paper filling (100% recycled) Shelf support: Steel, Steel, Epoxy/polyester powder coating Care Wood Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Safety and compliance WARNING! Falling hazard – to reduce the risk of this product falling down, it must be securely anchored. Use suitable screws and plugs for your home. If you are uncertain, seek professional advice. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 Advice and care instructions LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 Measurements Length 43 1/4 " Depth 10 1/4 " Thickness 2 " Max. load 22 lb Packaging 1 × LACK Wall shelf 401.036.33 Width: 10 ¼ " Height: 2 " Length: 43 ¼ " Weight: 7 lb 10 oz Reviews Lack review Cael Great value for what it is and looks great almost anywhere. Be sure to anchor to a stud or use high quality wall anchors like toggle bolts to attach. I found the metal bracket made it simple to install without assistance. 5 Disappointing for the price Felicia Shelves arrived damaged! They look like they were used, returned and repackaged. 3 Very fragile Fady Looks nice if you can manage to get them delivered undamages. They’re super fragile like an egg shell. 2 Beautiful shelf Jane I have purchased several floating shelves but none with the quality of the Lack wall shelf. Its size is impressive as well as the quality of the shelf. Know that the shelf will make a statement in any room. 5 Shelf is bigger than expected Mary Overall, quality and sturdiness is okay, Overall look is what I ordered, but too big for what i was hoping for 3 Good quality Karla Easy to assemble 5 Used to be great. Not so much now. Allyson I have six of these shelves from years ago and I love them. I recently bought several more and the hardware has really been downgraded. Very disappointing. First, there are no wall screws with this product. The wall screws that came with the older version were excellent. But the biggest issue I have with this product is the bracket itself. This newer version has a shorter bracket and significantly fewer holes to work with for securing it to the wall. Because of the shorter bracket and limited holes, you'll be lucky to catch two studs in the wall. A shelf this size should be able to attach to two studs. While the shelf does span across two studs in my wall, none of the holes are in the proper place for me to access them. I can't slide the shelf over in my case, so I'm left with using anchors exclusively. If you aren't going to include wall hardware, at least provide enough access points in the bracket so that I can safely hang this with my own. 2 Beautiful!! Angela Love these floating shelves. I hung 2 of the 43" oak and they are stunning. They look so much more expensive once they are up and styled. 5 Floating shelves Irene Gave it 4 stars because it doesn’t come with the actual hardware to install onto the wall. Had to buy that separately 4 Perfect Shelf for Lego’s Emma This LACK shelf was easy to install. It’s sturdy for all our legos and pottery. 4 Great shelf Luis Very sturdy well built and nice color 5 Don’t buy without brackets Ambrose I installed according to instructions last night, everything was level and seemed sturdy and in the middle of the night it fell out of my wall dented the shelves below it, and nearly knocked over the tv it sat above. Not worth the risk to go without it. 3 What screws can you buy? Charla I searching and search the app for the correct screw and mounting information for these shelves. Why isn’t there a link to the set where it says “screws for this are sold separately”? 3 Love Ikea's Floating Shelves Karen I wish they came in more colors like they did years ago. 5 shelf Maria perfect size 5 Love the look of this Marlen These are such great, hackable shelves! I made a floating bookcase out of this and love the earthiness the faux wood option brings 5 Leans over no support Grisel They look beautiful however the wholes are huge compared to the bar it comes with causing the to get loose and wiggle. I do not recommend 2 Easy to assemble, looks good John I don't understand the negative reviews. I have six of these, and each was a breeze to attach to the walls. No, IKEA does not provide the wall screws because each wall is different: plywood? drywall? brick? concrete? Do a little bit of homework on what material your wall is made of before blaming IKEA. Assuming you use the proper screws, these shelves can support quite a bit, and they look sleek at the same time. 5 great Hai perfect size, lool nice 5 Misses the mark Jazzmin Wood shelf does not fit securely on wall bracket even after screwed into bracket. Tilts forward and it is wobbly. We have it securely mounted into the wall. But the unit itself is wobbly. 1 Customer reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3489 Average rating 3489 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Lack review Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Great value for what it is and looks great almost anywhere. Be sure to anchor to a stud or use high quality wall anchors like toggle bolts to attach. I found the metal bracket made it simple to install without assistance. Cael, United States Shelf Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Brilliant exactly what I needed above my radiator. Easy to fit and looks very smart Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Beautiful!! Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Love these floating shelves. I hung 2 of the 43" oak and they are stunning. They look so much more expensive once they are up and styled. Angela, United States Show all reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3489 Average rating 3489 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for LACK Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Complete wall shelves 142 Cube wall shelves 68 Floating shelves 11 LACK series 33 All Wall shelves Recommended for you Function solution How much weight can a shelf hold? Even a strong wall shelf will only be able to bear a little weight if it's attached to the wall with the wrong hardware. For a wall shelf to be practical and secure you must use the right hardware for the wall type. Check if your walls are concrete, plaster or wood. There are hardware for all wall types. If you can, try to determine what part of the wall is load-bearing. The most secure place to mount a shelf is on the bearing part of the wall. Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the LACK series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 