 ALEX drawer unit, white, 141/8x271/2" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage & organization Filing cabinets Drawer units for home ALEX Drawer unit 10 ALEX images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Best seller Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play ALEX Drawer unit, white, 14 1/8x27 1/2 " Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Shop the look Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play This video showcases a product named ALEX, which is a drawer unit from the brand IKEA. The ALEX drawer unit consists of two separate sections, each featuring multiple drawers for storage. It has a simple and functional design with a flat-top surface above the drawers. The video includes a demonstration of how to assemble this unit, highlighting its various components and showing them being connected to form the final product. Additionally, it may feature the ALEX unit displayed in different spaces or paired with other IKEA products, illustrating its versatility as a piece of furniture. ALEX Drawer unit, white, 14 1/8x27 1/2 " Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play ALEX Drawer unit, white, 14 1/8x27 1/2 " All media More from the ALEX series ALEX Drawer unit, white, 14 1/8x27 1/2 " $ 95 . 00 Price $ 95.00 In-store only price $75.00 Offer valid from Sep 8, 2026 until Dec 24, 2026 Exclusive IKEA Family offer Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3726 (3726) Choose color : White Design your own Create a desk customised for your needs How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 95 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements ALEX 004.735.46 A clean look that’s easy to like and mix with other styles, either supporting a desk or standing alone. The back is finished so you can place it in the middle of the room – all sides are just as beautiful. More information Materials and care Material Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Care Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. For increased stability, re-tighten the screws about two weeks after assembly and when necessary. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play ALEX Drawer unit, white, 14 1/8x27 1/2 " Drawer stops prevent the drawer from being pulled out too far. This unit can be placed anywhere in the room because it is finished on the back. Designer Johanna Asshoff Materials and care Material Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Care Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. For increased stability, re-tighten the screws about two weeks after assembly and when necessary. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Measurements Width 14 1/8 " Depth 22 7/8 " Height 27 1/2 " Drawer depth (inside) 20 1/2 " Maximum load/drawer 9 lb Max. load 26 lb Max. load small drawer 4 lb Packaging 1 × ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Width: 23 ½ " Height: 4 ¼ " Length: 32 " Weight: 61 lb 11 oz Reviews Great Drawer Unit Keith This Drawer Unit looks great in our sewing room and functions the way we expected it to. 5 I am very sad at how terrible the quality has become Christine I have purchased and built 12 Alex units with Casters over the past few years. I am absolutely horrified at how bad they are in my order delivered 9/30. The quality of the engineering is barely acceptable but the failure is when the change in the wood meets the engineering pieces don’t fit well so when they are pressured into the correct spot they literally begin falling apart. IKEA was obviously aware of the horrible wood quality they changed one of the fastening parts to plastic so that the materials have a better chance to stay intact. They also took me significantly longer to build because nothing fit together easily. Since I have so many already for my project I need to keep what I have. But I am really sad that the IKEA I have loved so much can no longer be my go to. I have pictures of how bad it is but there is no place to upload them 1 Quality Aleksei Purchased the same drawer long ago. The quality was much better back then. The rails do not operate on the new one as seamlessly as on the old one. 2 Solid piece Adrian Product is well made and engineered to last 5 Very solid Jill The Alex was easier to put together than the ones we got 15+ years ago. They are solid and sturdy. It fits in well with our IKEA desktop. Our only concern is how easy the finish scratches. 5 Tight drawers Iryna It’s cute. I feel like it’s overpriced a bit. But.. that’s what my daughter wanted. But must indicate these drawers are hard to open and close. They feel very tight ! Wish they rolled easily. 3 Can't replace drawer slides Kate The drawer system is nice but cheap as is most of IKEA furniture. We recently had one of the drawer slides break and IKEA does not replace this part, which is ridiculous since you can take the part off the inner wall yourself with no issue. You can go on a wild goose chase and hope the store has a random extra part , but of course when we went they don't and we will have to buy a whole new unit. I am absolutely disappointed at the ridiculousness of the quality of the furniture and what you have to go through to get a new part. 1 Art Supply Storage Leigh We needed a way to store the larger items for artwork such as canvases, drawing supplies, clean-up materials and similar. We may want to add casters. It wasn't obvious when we selected this unit that casters were an option. 5 Not great for young children Heather This cabinet is stylish and functional. The problem was that when kids used it they stuffed the drawers and it was very difficult to retrieve what was stuck in there. I couldn’t figure out how the drawers come out so I had to turn it upside down. It is rather heavy to have to do this often. 4 Love them Normalia They are very steady and they are very easy to assemble 5 Directions Clarece Directions were terrible. Instead of directions for one project they had directions for three. No specific instructions showing top from bottom. After I assembled unit I realized the top and bottom were assembled incorrectly. At this point after 6 hrs I just flipped over the unit. Never had such difficulty before with IKEA assembly. 3 It’s missing a screw Marco It’s missing a screw, I can’t screw the cabinet to by desk top 2 President Samuel ALEX Drawer unit, white Please, 2 drawers have a problem, the drawers do not match the aluminum track 1 Awesome Brenda Fits easily next to my desk. The drawers are spacious. 4 Does the job. Kate Sturdy and easy to assemble. The drawers catch on the screws used to attach the drawer slides. Not sure if this is intentional but It does make it difficult to open the drawers all the way. Yes I made sure the screws were all the way installed. 4 Satisfactory overall Sho There are couple ends on the boards where factory cuts were not clean, pieces of woods chipped. 4 Alex drawer Edith It’s exactly what I needed for my home office 5 One of the better IKEA pieces Beth This is a classic for a reason. It swallows up a lot of stuff and is pretty inconspicuous under a desktop. I find the builds pretty easy, though IMO there is always one drawer, no matter how hard I try to tighten the screws, that sticks a little. But mostly it works well. I bought one of the felt inserts and based on how well it organizes the space, I'll eventually add a few more. 5 I love these alex Ruth I have three Alex and just ordered two more and ordered the wheels. I just love having the wheels now I can move my room around and not have to call for help 5 Shelf’s were not made correctly Mara In the picture it clearly shows that there is 2 small ones at the top and 3 large ones at the bottom. But for mine it was weird because either 1 didn’t fit or they overlapped while trying to put them together. Not sure why this had happened to mine but i’m so disappointed. 1 Customer reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3726 Average rating 3726 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Great Drawer Unit Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 This Drawer Unit looks great in our sewing room and functions the way we expected it to. Keith, United States Useful Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I needed these to put all my sewing threads into as they were in too many different places now I can reach them as I sit at my machine. They also provide extra support for the desks/tables that my machines sit on. Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Very solid Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 The Alex was easier to put together than the ones we got 15+ years ago. They are solid and sturdy. It fits in well with our IKEA desktop. Our only concern is how easy the finish scratches. Jill, United States Show all reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 3726 Average rating 3726 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for ALEX Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Drawer units for home 56 Office storage cabinets & units 43 ALEX series 75 All Filing cabinets Recommended for you Material What is particleboard? Particleboard is made from recycled wood and sawmill leftovers – so wood pieces with the wrong shade, woodchips and sawdust become a resource instead of possibly being discarded. We use boards for things like bookcases, bed frames, sofas and kitchen frames. To protect from wear and moisture, we apply varnish, veneer or foil that adds to the furniture's look. Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the ALEX series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 