 BISSA shoe cabinet with 2 compartments, black-brown, 191/4x11x365/8" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage containers, organizers & baskets Clothes organizers Shoe cabinets BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 5 BISSA images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments, black-brown, 19 1/4x11x36 5/8 " $ 49 . 99 Price $ 49.99 Review: 4.4 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 156 (156) How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 49 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements BISSA 205.302.06 Too many shoes and not enough shoe storage? Let the simple and functional BISSA shoe cabinet come to your rescue: an easy way to stay organized in the hallway while saving important floor space. More information Materials and care Material Top panel/ Side panel/ Plinth front/ Drawer front: Particleboard, Paper foil, Plastic edging Back rail: Particleboard, Paper foil Drawer divider/ Drawer bottom/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Paper foil, Plastic foil Drawer side: Polystyrene Care Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 205.302.06 Advice and care instructions BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 205.302.06 Helps you organize your shoes and saves floor space at the same time. You can easily adjust the space in the shoe compartments by moving or taking away the dividers. In the shoe cabinet your shoes get the ventilation and the space they need to keep them like new for longer. The shoe cabinet has a cut-out in the back that allows you to place it tight against the wall without the baseboard getting in the way. Designer Sarah Fager Good to know Holds approx. 8 pairs of shoes. Different wall materials require different types of fasteners. Use fasteners suitable for the walls in your home. Materials and care Material Top panel/ Side panel/ Plinth front/ Drawer front: Particleboard, Paper foil, Plastic edging Back rail: Particleboard, Paper foil Drawer divider/ Drawer bottom/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Paper foil, Plastic foil Drawer side: Polystyrene Care Wipe clean using a damp cloth and a mild cleaner. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Safety and compliance This cabinet must be fastened to the wall; the back panel has predrilled holes to make it easier. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 205.302.06 Advice and care instructions BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 205.302.06 Measurements Width 19 1/4 " Depth 11 " Height 36 5/8 " Packaging 1 × BISSA Shoe cabinet with 2 compartments 205.302.06 Width: 17 " Height: 3 ¼ " Length: 37 ¾ " Weight: 34 lb 7 oz Reviews design issue Michelle I love this shoe storage unit in general. It's good quality. The best part is that it keeps the space looking neat by hiding shoes behind the door. It takes little space but can comfortably hold 8 pair of women's shoes. However, there is a design issue with the internal space. Shoes slide and move around whenever you open and close the door and it's very annoying. It might also damage the tips of leather shoes over time. I wonder if there's a way to work around this issue. 4 Bad design Ryan The final plastic and screws to hold the drawers to the side are horrible to put on 3 Didn’t last a year Kailee I loved this shoe holder until today. It seems the screw to hold the pull-out compartment wore down the wood hole after months of use. Because the screws are so short, it’s not an easy fix. I’m also now out of the 180 day warranty policy so it’s unfortunately garbage now. Maybe I got a bad batch or I’m unlucky because other reviewer’s have lasted way longer. 2 Poor Quality Rosa I bought this shoe cabinet a few months ago and where the screws are placed has become loose that the cabinet doors are falling apart. Sad because its was the perfect size 2 Missing pieces and broken before a year Estela I bought this less than a year ago. It had the bottom piece missing and the dividers for the top and bottom were also missing. The top shoe shelf recently broke. Everything I’ve purchased from ikea has been great quality so I’m a bit disappointed. 2 Lasts forever Fionna I have had 2 of these for at least a decade. They are sturdy, and have held a lot of shoes. Make sure to anchored it down though, it can easily tip if you have all the slots open. Looking to purchase more! 5 Works, but the Quality Is Unacceptably Low Mina I bought this a few weeks ago, and upon opening the box, I found scratches and clear signs of wear and tear on the wooden boards. The boards are noticeably thin and feel very cheap, which makes the overall quality quite disappointing. What made the experience worse was the customer service, which was extremely poor and unhelpful. 3 Looks so great Pam This looks so great and I’m happy to have all my shoes off the floor. It fits about 16 pairs of shoes. I love it. I always look on YouTube for help with building anything from IKEA. Seems like there is something for everything, I did the same thing with my bed. It was easy to put together. Not recommended if your shoes are high tops gym shoes. I give it a thumbs up! 5 Good Stanislav A very good shoe rack for 12 pairs of shoes. 5 It’s ok Natasha Came damaged on the tip of the drawer. It looks A little cheap but it gets the job done. 3 Great shoe storage. Yovana Small and great capacity. 5 Bissa shoe cabinet Kelly Excellent space saving shoe storage. Great value for the money; fits in small space; looks great! 5 Perfect for small spaces Emily Purchased for my daughter’s apartment to hold her collection of shoes she leaves at the door. It’s perfect for small spaces, easily holds a size 10 women’s shoe, and was easy to put together 5 Looks good once put together! Zinal Melissa Looks great once done! Not the easiest to put together, but works and looks great once it's done. Big men's size shoes don't fit, but average size shoes fit perfectly. For a large family, I recommend getting 2 shoe cabinets. 4 Perfect Tom Nicely cleaned up the room with this highly functional shoe organizer. So easy to assemble, my 9 yr daughter did this as her ambitious first IKEA build, without any issues. 5 Great for my shoes Michael Having a Golden retriever/German Shepherd mix 16 month old fur baby makes this item so necessary! Although I probably should’ve got the triple. 5 Very convenient Maria A lot of parts but works as expected 5 Practical Xavier Easy to put together and very useful and practical not forgetting about the price is affordable 5 Easy to put together. Looks classy Jill This product was easy to put together. The instructions were clear and understandable. We bought 4 and lined them up next to each other and placed in our entry way to store shoes. Definitely looks way better than what we had there before. 5 Great shoe storage Lindsay I own 4 of these storage units. They are visually esthetic, hides the shoes well,good quality, holds a decent amount of shoes & ever more sandals. 5 Customer reviews 4.4 Review: 4.4 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 156 Average rating 156 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Lasts forever Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I have had 2 of these for at least a decade. They are sturdy, and have held a lot of shoes. Make sure to anchored it down though, it can easily tip if you have all the slots open. Looking to purchase more! Fionna, United States Bissa shoe cabinet Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Excellent space saving shoe storage. Great value for the money; fits in small space; looks great! Kelly, United States Perfect for small spaces Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Purchased for my daughter’s apartment to hold her collection of shoes she leaves at the door. It’s perfect for small spaces, easily holds a size 10 women’s shoe, and was easy to put together Emily, United States Show all reviews 4.4 Review: 4.4 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 156 Average rating 156 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for BISSA Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Shoe cabinets 28 Clothes boxes 41 Hanging clothes organizers 9 Shoe boxes & organizers 7 All Clothes organizers Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 