 Verve Chair | Branch × Visit our Branch Furniture Partner Location in New York to try out a selection of our products in person. Visit our Partner Page to see what's in stock. GET DIRECTIONS VISIT OUR PARTNER LOCATION PAGE Don't show this again Skip to Main Content Shop ergonomic essentials to power your fall, and enjoy free shipping on orders $90+. Shop ergonomic essentials to power your fall, and enjoy free shipping on orders $90+. A workspace that has your back and 5,000+ 5-star reviews. A workspace that has your back and 5,000+ 5-star reviews. Shop ergonomic essentials to power your fall, and enjoy free shipping on orders $90+. A workspace that has your back and 5,000+ 5-star reviews. Refer & Earn Business Login About Our Story Reviews Press & Media Design Values Sustainability Branch Blog Support Track My Order FAQ Ergonomics Visit a Showroom Assembly Guides Contact Us Home office Shopping for a team? Switch over to Branch Business! Business Welcome to Branch! Track your orders and unlock exclusive perks designed just for you. Sign up Continue with Google By signing in you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Open search bar Search Close search bar See all results Popular Searches Ergonomic Chair Home Office Chairs Standing Desk Accessories Assembly Guides Need help deciding? Take our quiz to find the right products for your team’s needs. Popular Searches Conference Meeting Booth Six Person Desk Ergonomic Chair Need help deciding? Take our quiz to find the right products for your team’s needs. Popular Categories New Ergonomic Chairs Bestseller Standing Desks Office Accessories Need help deciding? Take our quiz to find the right products for your team’s needs. Popular Categories For Meetings Office Accessories Bestseller Standing Desks Need help deciding? Take our quiz to find the right products for your team’s needs. Chat with sales Design my office Design my office Shop By Office Chairs Desks & Tables Bundles Storage & Accessories Lounge Sale Explore Seating Desks & Tables Breakout & Meeting Storage & Accessories Sale Shop By Office Chairs Desks & Tables Bundles Storage & Accessories Lounge Sale Explore Seating Desks & Tables Breakout & Meeting Storage & Accessories Sale Verve Headrest: Galaxy / Standard Galaxy / Standard Select Galaxy / Standard Petal / Standard Select Petal / Standard Coral / Standard Select Coral / Standard Mist / Standard Select Mist / Standard Mint / Standard Select Mint / Standard Cobalt / Standard Select Cobalt / Standard Wheat / Standard Select Wheat / Standard Lunar / Standard Select Lunar / Standard Woven Chair Mat: Lagoon Lagoon Select Lagoon Meadow Select Meadow Barley Select Barley Sandbar Select Sandbar Silver Pine Select Silver Pine Adjustable Footrest: Woodgrain Woodgrain Select Woodgrain Walnut Select Walnut Wave Tile Set: Sand Beige / Set of 4 Sand Beige / Set of 4 Select Sand Beige / Set of 4 Sand Beige / Set of 6 Select Sand Beige / Set of 6 Sand Beige / Set of 8 Select Sand Beige / Set of 8 Sand Beige / Set of 10 Select Sand Beige / Set of 10 Sand Beige / Set of 12 Select Sand Beige / Set of 12 Night Black / Set of 4 Select Night Black / Set of 4 Night Black / Set of 6 Select Night Black / Set of 6 Night Black / Set of 8 Select Night Black / Set of 8 Night Black / Set of 10 Select Night Black / Set of 10 Night Black / Set of 12 Select Night Black / Set of 12 Ocean Blue / Set of 4 Select Ocean Blue / Set of 4 Ocean Blue / Set of 6 Select Ocean Blue / Set of 6 Ocean Blue / Set of 8 Select Ocean Blue / Set of 8 Ocean Blue / Set of 10 Select Ocean Blue / Set of 10 Ocean Blue / Set of 12 Select Ocean Blue / Set of 12 Petroleum Green / Set of 4 Select Petroleum Green / Set of 4 Petroleum Green / Set of 6 Select Petroleum Green / Set of 6 Petroleum Green / Set of 8 Select Petroleum Green / Set of 8 Petroleum Green / Set of 10 Select Petroleum Green / Set of 10 Petroleum Green / Set of 12 Select Petroleum Green / Set of 12 Cloudy Grey / Set of 4 Select Cloudy Grey / Set of 4 Cloudy Grey / Set of 6 Select Cloudy Grey / Set of 6 Cloudy Grey / Set of 8 Select Cloudy Grey / Set of 8 Cloudy Grey / Set of 10 Select Cloudy Grey / Set of 10 Cloudy Grey / Set of 12 Select Cloudy Grey / Set of 12 @drkenialeon @silchuknest @techzie @jessmillerdraws @geneyoon @n2.days @bloominina No model available for this combination 3D/AR Configure in 3D and see it in your space Drag to rotate Drag to move Scroll to zoom Drag to rotate Pinch to zoom Click on a plus sign to select an add-on Select add-on placement Reset Select an add-on for this slot Eligible add-ons for this slot shown here. You can mix and match placements when assembling your desk at home. Remove Add-on No add-ons are available for this slot with your current desk. Loading 3D model Load in 4K View in your space See it in your space Scan the QR code with your phone camera to view this item in your space with Augmented Reality AR shows the product without accessories. Verve Chair 4.5 Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 892 Reviews $599 #officebybranch See how our customers have styled this. See all photos @drkenialeon @silchuknest @techzie Verve Chair 4.5 Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 892 Reviews $599 Best for 5’0” - 6’0” • Up to 275 lbs • 8+ hours a day. See how it compares A high-performance work chair with a striking silhouette. Recommended by Architectural Digest, Design Milk, WIRED and more. Best for 5’0” - 6’0” • Up to 275 lbs • 8+ hours a day. We have chairs for bodies of all shapes and sizes. Compare all chairs Color: +5 Color: Galaxy Select Galaxy Color Petal Select Petal Color NEW Coral Select Coral Color Mist Select Mist Color Mint Select Mint Color Cobalt Select Cobalt Color Wheat Select Wheat Color Lunar Select Lunar Color SALE Size: 1 option Size: Standard Select Standard Size 27” W x 27” D x 37-41" H Headrest: No Headrest No Headrest With Headrest Galaxy / Standard Petal / Standard Coral / Standard Mist / Standard Mint / Standard Cobalt / Standard Wheat / Standard Lunar / Standard Available | Ships for free in 1-3 business days. Most orders ship from our warehouse via ground shipping within the posted timeframe. White glove orders and bulk orders may require additional time to prepare and ship. Chat with us for any questions! Ships for free in 1-3 business days. Contact us to inquire - + Add to cart Contact Us BUY NOW | Save up to 30% with more Pay with HSA and save up to 30% on eligible purchases. SELECT FLEX AT CHECKOUT CONFIRM YOUR ELIGIBILITY USE YOUR HSA/FSA CARD Branch has partnered with Flex to accept HSA/FSA payments, saving you up to 30% with pre-tax dollars. Follow the steps above to complete your Flex order at checkout. Accessories: 6 items Verve Headrest +$59 Woven Chair Mat +$149 Adjustable Footrest +$99 Wave Tile Set +$800 BUNDLE AND SAVE save 5% The Maximalist Bundle Save 5 % when you bundle with any desk $1,198+ $1,138+ GET THE BUNDLE BUILD YOUR OWN GET THE BUNDLE BUILD YOUR OWN BUY IN BULK Need help with a larger or more complex order? Get in touch. Overview A high-performance work chair with a striking silhouette. Recommended by Architectural Digest, Design Milk, WIRED and more. Six points of adjustment Breathable 3D knit fabric Medium lumbar support Rated #1 by Forbes Full workday (8+ hours) Best for 5'0" - 6'0" heights Benefits Tilt and tilt lock, seat height, seat depth, armrest height, height-adjustable lumbar, and tilt tension Natural spine support through its adjustable lumbar rest Supports upright posture with contoured seat and back Low-profile, synchronous base mechanism engineered in Germany Certified Greenguard Gold for low VOC emissions Meets the BIFMA standard for commercial-grade use Supports 275 pounds Designed in San Francisco, California. Find Your Fit Not sure which chair is right for you? Compare chairs Want a personalized recommendation? Take our quiz FAQ How do I compare Verve vs the Ergonomic Chair? Both offer comprehensive ergonomic support. The Ergonomic Chair is our bestselling option for everyday comfort, while Verve pairs premium materials with a more elevated, design-forward look. What makes a chair good for shorter individuals? A chair with a shorter seat and broader height range supports shorter individuals by promoting proper posture and allowing feet to rest comfortably and flat on the floor. What is the difference between ergonomic and regular office chairs? An ergonomic chair promotes healthy posture with adjustable lumbar support, armrests, seat height, and depth. It is ideal for long hours working at a desk. What materials is the Verve Chair made of and is it durable? Verve features a reinforced polyamide frame, aluminum base, breathable 3D-knit back, and high-density foam seat. It meets BIFMA standards and comes with a 7-year warranty. What is the weight capacity of the Verve Chair? The Verve Chair supports 275lbs. #officebybranch See how our customers have styled this. See all photos @drkenialeon 1 / 7 @silchuknest 2 / 7 @techzie 3 / 7 @jessmillerdraws 4 / 7 @geneyoon 5 / 7 @n2.days 6 / 7 @bloominina 7 / 7 Option selection Verve Chair 4.5 Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 892 Reviews Color Galaxy Galaxy Color Galaxy Galaxy Petal NEW Coral Mist Mint Cobalt Wheat Lunar SALE Size Standard Standard Standard Size Standard Standard Add to cart Contact Sales Office Chairs Verve Chair ICONIC DESIGN Innovative design meets premium materials. Ergonomic Chair Pro Top of the line Our most advanced chair for maximum support. Ergonomic Chair Bestseller Our most popular chair for better workdays. Daily Chair ATTAINABLE STYLE Everyday support at a comfortable price. Multitask Chair Budget Friendly Ergonomic support and intuitive adjustments at an accessible price. Softside Chair COZY SUPPORT Cloud-like comfort in a contemporary form. Starting At Verve Chair: $599 Ergonomic Chair Pro: $499 Ergonomic Chair: $369 Daily Chair: $259 Multitask Chair: $279 Softside Chair: $299 Ideal For Verve Chair: Creating an inspiring workspace with no compromise. Ergonomic Chair Pro: Experiencing unparalleled comfort for every body and work style. Ergonomic Chair: Feeling confident and comfortable during longer workdays. Daily Chair: Working through a quick sprint or hunkering down. Multitask Chair: Professionals wanting essential support and adjustability. Softside Chair: Prioritizing plush comfort with simpler adjustments. Ergonomic Support Verve Chair: Comprehensive Ergonomic Chair Pro: Comprehensive Ergonomic Chair: Comprehensive Daily Chair: Balanced Multitask Chair: Essential Softside Chair: Plush Show more Show less Materials Verve Chair: Unique 3D-knit weave that’s soft to the touch Ergonomic Chair Pro: Soft and breathable fine-weave mesh with additional bouclé and leather options Ergonomic Chair: Double woven mesh with high-density foam cushion Daily Chair: Contoured nylon back made of 70% recycled materials Multitask Chair: Breathable mesh backrest with durable fabric seat Softside Chair: Upholstered fabric, soft velvet, textured bouclé or vegan leather What Customers Say Verve Chair: “As sturdy and polished as any office chair I’ve used in the past 30 years - comfortable, clean design, and excellent back support.” Ergonomic Chair Pro: “I don’t want to get up. I feel like this chair is already a part of me.” Ergonomic Chair: “This chair is great, perhaps dangerously so: the lack of discomfort means I can get completely lost in work and forget to get up.” Daily Chair: “I’ve loved my daily chair, and it’s saved my low back while also looking stylish. Highly recommend!” Multitask Chair: "My multitask chair looks excellent, was easy to put together and is very comfortable. I'm very happy with it." Softside Chair: "I'm beyond picky about my office chairs. I took a chance on the Softside... and it's the best chair I have ever had. It is unbelievably comfortable, and it adds an awesome pop to my office." All Branch chairs meet BIFMA standards for commercial grade use, featuring low VOC emissions and a weight capacity of 275 lbs (225 for Daily Chair). Most chairs are backed by a 7-year warranty. Liquid error (snippets/specs_sheet_popup line 8): include usage is not allowed in this context Get our Spec Sheet Our comprehensive spec sheet covers product features, dimensions, shipping information, and more. Who are you shopping for? Myself My business or client Download Specs Thank you for your interest! Download Spec Sheet Need help with this product? Get alternatives for out of stock items, or ask questions about availability, features and more. First name * Your email * Optional phone number Product Details Message Send Message Or send us a quick note to hello@branchfurniture.com Thanks for reaching out! A member of our team will get back to you ASAP! Press "Branch Verve Chair immediately stands out because of the versatile armrest design, which gives it a futuristic look." "The Verve is a thoughtfully-designed, affordable chair that looks great in any space — especially in your home." "The Verve matches our experiences with other “name” office chairs sold at twice the price, all the while retaining many of the same ergonomic features." "Take everything about the Branch Ergonomic Chair and upgrade it a notch—that's the Branch Verve." "The Branch Verve Chair is a stylish, minimalist chair that can fit into any home office." "The Verve had completely eliminated that tired, sore posterior sensation I often feel after being seated for hours." "Branch Verve Chair immediately stands out because of the versatile armrest design, which gives it a futuristic look." "The Verve is a thoughtfully-designed, affordable chair that looks great in any space — especially in your home." "The Verve matches our experiences with other “name” office chairs sold at twice the price, all the while retaining many of the same ergonomic features." "Take everything about the Branch Ergonomic Chair and upgrade it a notch—that's the Branch Verve." "The Branch Verve Chair is a stylish, minimalist chair that can fit into any home office." "The Verve had completely eliminated that tired, sore posterior sensation I often feel after being seated for hours." WE'VE FURNISHED THOUSANDS OF OFFICES & MODEL SUITES Product details Overview Dimensions We set out to create a chair that establishes a new industry standard for design and comfort but costs half the price of its peers. Designed in California and winner of an iF Design Award, Verve is masterfully conceived and obsessively engineered with particular emphasis on an inviting aesthetic and exceptional ergonomics and value. Wrapped in a unique 3D knit, its V-shaped suspended back offers integrated and adjustable spine support for continuous comfort. Precise color matching across materials produces a truly unified palette that enables anyone to create eye-catching sightlines in the home or workplace. Brand Branch General Dimensions 27″W x 27″D x 37-41″H Product Weight 40.0 lbs Assembly Requires assembly Materials 3D knit (100% polyester), high-density foam, powder coated aluminum, glass-reinforced polyamide Compatible With Verve Headrest Warranty 7 years Spec Sheet Download Details Chair height: 37"-41" Seat height: 16.5"-20.5" Seat depth: 16.5"-19" Armrest height: 27.5"-30" Tilt range: 20° Max Capacity: 275 lbs Removable armrests Shipping Number of packages: 1 Package: 29" x 25" x 15" | 48 lbs Take a closer look Instant comfort Adjustable and padded lumbar rest for personalized support Striking silhouette Award-winning design and gorgeous lines Unique 3D knit A distinctive, premium knit that’s breathable and soft to the touch Indulgent cushion High resilience, cloud-like foam supports a full day of work Dipped-in color Precise color matching across materials for a unique “dipped in” look Intuitive ergonomics Six points of adjustment including seat depth, tilt tension and lumbar height Optional headrest Added cervical spine support for upright and reclined posture Find Your Fit Verve Chair ICONIC DESIGN Innovative design meets premium materials. $599 Creating an inspiring workspace with no compromise. Comprehensive Unique 3D-knit weave that’s soft to the touch “As sturdy and polished as any office chair I’ve used in the past 30 years - comfortable, clean design, and excellent back support.” Ergonomic Chair Lite STREAMLINED FIT Entry-level ergonomic support. $329 Ergonomic enthusiasts on a budget. Essential Soft and breathable fine weave mesh Ergonomic Chair Bestseller Our most popular chair for better workdays. $369 Feeling confident and comfortable during longer workdays. Comprehensive Double woven mesh with high-density foam cushion “This chair is great, perhaps dangerously so: the lack of discomfort means I can get completely lost in work and forget to get up.” Ergonomic Chair Pro Top of the Line Our most advanced chair for maximum support. $499 Experiencing unparalleled comfort for every body and work style. Comprehensive Soft and breathable fine-weave mesh with additional bouclé and leather options “I don’t want to get up. I feel like this chair is already a part of me.” Daily Chair ATTAINABLE STYLE Everyday support at a comfortable price. $259 Working through a quick sprint or hunkering down. Balanced Contoured nylon back made of 70% recycled materials “I’ve loved my daily chair, and it’s saved my low back while also looking stylish. Highly recommend!” Multitask Chair Budget Friendly Intuitive adjustments at an accessible price. $279 Professionals wanting essential support and adjustability. Essential Breathable mesh backrest with durable fabric seat Softside Chair COZY SUPPORT Cloud-like comfort in a contemporary form. $299 Prioritizing plush comfort with simpler adjustments. Plush Upholstered fabric, and vegan leather in a range of inviting colors “I'm beyond picky about my office chairs. I took a chance on the Softside... and it's the best chair I have ever had. It is unbelievably comfortable, and it adds an awesome pop to my office.” Saddle Chair ACTIVE SEATING Engaged sitting for a workday filled with movement. $289 Jumping between tasks or a team touchbase. Simple Recycled polyester and sustainable birch plywood “It is sturdy, buoyant, and supportive, but helps me avoid leaning and other tendencies that hurt my back during the day.” Saddle Stool ACTIVE SEATING Engaged sitting for a workday filled with movement. $289 Jumping between tasks or a team touchbase. Simple Recycled polyester fabric, PEFC-certified, sustainable birch plywood “It is sturdy, buoyant, and supportive, but helps me avoid leaning and other tendencies that hurt my back during the day.” STARTING AT IDEAL FOR ERGONOMIC SUPPORT MATERIALS HEAR WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS HAVE TO SAY See less #officebybranch Get inspired by real setups from real Branch lovers. @drkenialeon @silchuknest @techzie @jessmillerdraws @geneyoon @n2.days @bloominina Welcome to a better way to work We help you furnish an inspiring, supportive workspace without breaking the bank. Here's how: ERGONOMIC SUPPORT Designed to support you throughout the day, optimizing comfort and productivity FREE & FAST SHIPPING Free shipping on orders $90+ from a location near you, with all carbon emissions offset EASY ASSEMBLY Set up with ease. Our furniture can be assembled within your lunch break WORRY-FREE RETURNS Not the right fit? Send it back within 30 days for a refund, less return shipping Complete Your Office Complete your office Your cart is waiting You’re a few steps away from your dream office. Checkout now to complete your upgrade. Continue your office upgrade Shop your recommended products below based on your Design My Office quiz. new colors Duo Standing Desk $549 new Tria Standing Desk $749 NEW COLOR Desk Drawer $99 Cable Organizer $59 Type 75 Desk Lamp $289 In-Desk Power $160 Ergonomic Chair $369 Ergonomic Chair Pro $499 Softside Chair $299 Office Desk $499 $249.50 Design My Office Checkout Add to cart 4.5 Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars Based on 892 reviews 5 Rated out of 5 stars 640 4 Rated out of 5 stars 133 3 Rated out of 5 stars 60 2 Rated out of 5 stars 30 1 Rated out of 5 stars 29 88% would recommend this product Slide 1 selected Reviews 892 Questions 82 Filters Search Search Reviews Keywords Keywords Comfort Assembly Adjustability Appearance Quality Ergonomics Value Rating Ratings 1 stars 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars Write a Review (Opens in a new tab) 892 reviews Sort Featured Most Recent Oldest Most Helpful Photos & Videos Highest Rating Lowest Rating Least Helpful JC Jeshia C. Verified Buyer I recommend this product Rated 5 out of 5 stars 1 year ago I love it!! I’ve been using the Branch Verve Chair and I honestly love it! It looks so sleek and modern, but at the same time it’s super comfy!! I can sit for hours whether I’m working, reading, or just relaxing. What I like most is how it feels supportive without being bulky, and the neutral design makes it easy to style with anything. It definitely makes my space feel more elevated ✨ Read More Read more about this review Featured Was this helpful? 8 0 ML Michele L. Verified Buyer I recommend this product Rated 5 out of 5 stars 1 year ago 4 Time Purchaser Here I love this chair so much! I bought one for myself. Then my husband, my son, and my dad. Read More Read more about this review Featured Was this helpful? 5 1 ZS Zach S. Verified Buyer I recommend this product Rated 5 out of 5 stars 1 year ago Superior Ergonomics and Comfort The Verve Ergonomic Chair by Branch has completely redefined my expectations for what a high-quality computer chair should be. Coming from the world of so-called "high-end" gaming chairs, I initially believed they represented the pinnacle of quality—likely due to the way they’re marketed. However, after experiencing the Verve, I now realize just how far superior true ergonomic design can be. As someone who works from home 40+ hours a week and also enjoys gaming in my free time, comfort and support are essential. From the moment I sat in the Verve, I could feel the difference. The build quality is unmatched—the best I’ve ever seen in a chair—and the ergonomic support was noticeable even after my first full workday. The difference in how my body felt at the end of an 8-hour session was remarkable. I’ve already recommended this chair to several colleagues, which says a lot considering “office chairs” aren’t exactly a typical topic of conversation. If you’re looking for a high-quality, well-designed ergonomic chair, especially one that outperforms gaming chairs in every way, the Verve by Branch is absolutely worth it. Read More Read more about this review Featured Was this helpful? 9 1 NH Nancy H. Verified Buyer I recommend this product Rated 5 out of 5 stars 1 year ago Fixed a Physical Issue The chair is perfect! I have it in my art studio. The chair before it was pinching a nerve and gave me foot pain whenever I worked. Now, I can adjust the Verve Chair to a comfortable height, arm chair height and adjust the depth. I am able to work for many hours and have no pain. It’s the best investment I’ve made for my physical being in a long time! Thank you! Read More Read more about this review Featured Was this helpful? 11 1 B Branch 1 year ago Thank you for your wonderful review of our Verve Chair! It's fantastic that you're now able to work for extended periods without discomfort and your ergonomic needs have been met. We're delighted to know that this chair has been an invaluable investment in your well-being and artistic pursuits! KD Kaitlyn D. Verified Buyer I recommend this product Rated 5 out of 5 stars 1 week ago The upgrade I needed! I was waiting to get a better desk chair because I thought all desk chairs were ugly. When I discovered Branch, I realized I had been waiting too long. My desk is in my living room (I live in an apartment) so I wanted a chair that didn't ruin the aesthetic of my room/apartment. This chair fits the bill and then some. Beautiful, functional, and makes my WFH days much more enjoyable. Read More Read more about this review Was this helpful? 0 0 Loading... Loading... Show More 147 W 26th St, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10001 © 2026 Branch Shop Build My Office Visit A Showroom Office Chairs Desks Bundles Storage Power & Lighting Monitor Stands Gift Cards Open Box Business Chat With Sales Design Resources Trade Program Free Space Plan Case Studies Conference Lounge Team Desks Phone Booths Space Division Explore About Branch Ergonomics Design Values Sustainability Branch Blog Press & Media Become An Affiliate Refer & Earn Reviews Careers Account Support Contact Us Showrooms FAQ Track My Order Assembly Guides Shipping Returns Warranty Product Protection Recall Information News and offers Thank You! Terms & Conditions Accessibility Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices My Office You have unlocked free shipping! Your cart is empty. Start Shopping My Account Welcome to Branch! Track your orders and unlock exclusive perks designed just for you. Sign up Continue with Google By signing in you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Let's work together Get a quote, request a free space plan, check lead times for your area, or just learn more about our products! Your name * Your company's name * Your email * Your phone number Your office size (# of employees) * 1-10 11-50 51-100 100+ Your project (any details on space or office needs you want to share) Submit Or send us a quick note to sales@branchfurniture.com Thank you for your interest! A Branch Expert will get in touch sooner than you can say space plan. × Our Bestsellers Shop customer favorites and see why thousands of workers choose Branch. Ergonomic Chair $369.00 + VIEW ITEM Ergonomic Chair Pro $499.00 + VIEW ITEM Duo Standing Desk $549.00 + VIEW ITEM Visiting from ? Based on your location, we think you may want to shop on the Branch site. USA Canada GO TO BRANCH 