 EKENÄSET armchair, Kelinge gray-turquoise - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Sofas & armchairs Armchairs & accent chairs Lounge chairs EKENÄSET Armchair 6 EKENÄSET images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media More from the EKENÄSET series EKENÄSET Armchair, Kelinge gray-turquoise $ 329 . 00 Price $ 329.00 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 470 (470) Choose cover : Kelinge gray-turquoise How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 329 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements EKENÄSET 905.334.85 EKENÄSET armchair adds a stylish retro vibe to the room that is inspired by 1950s Scandinavian design. The classic look goes anywhere in the home – and gives you sturdy and robust seating for many years. Product features 10 10 year limited warranty More information Materials and care Material Fabric: 100 % polyester (100% recycled) Total composition: 100 % polyester Back and seat frame: Solid wood Zig-zag spring: Steel Armrest frame/ Front rail: Solid beech, Tinted lacquer Back cushion: High-resilience polyurethane foam (cold foam) 2.2 lb/cu.ft., Polyurethane foam 2.0 lb/cu.ft. Seat cushion: Polyurethane foam 2.0 lb/cu.ft. Care Frame, non-removable cover Vacuum clean. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions EKENÄSET Armchair 905.334.85 Advice and care instructions EKENÄSET Armchair 905.334.85 Clean lines and supportive comfort, regardless if you’re reading, socializing with friends or just relaxing for a moment. Each armchair has a unique expression since the wooden frame is first stained in a dark-brown tone and then covered with clear lacquer that makes the wood’s natural grains visible. High-resilience foam in the seat and back makes the armchair regain its shape when you stand up. It is complemented with zigzag springs in the seat and supportive fabric in the back for a firm comfort. You will sit stable and steady for years to come since the frame is made of hardwearing solid wood. You will also enjoy a relaxed sitting position thanks to the angled backrest. The tall legs in solid wood make it easy to vacuum or reach things hiding under the armchair to avoid clutter. The elegant, fixed cover has a perfect fit that will last over time. You can choose from different covers and find one that suits you and your home. 10-year limited warranty. Read about the terms in the limited warranty brochure. Designer IKEA of Sweden Show more Good to know Stationary cover. Materials and care Material Fabric: 100 % polyester (100% recycled) Total composition: 100 % polyester Back and seat frame: Solid wood Zig-zag spring: Steel Armrest frame/ Front rail: Solid beech, Tinted lacquer Back cushion: High-resilience polyurethane foam (cold foam) 2.2 lb/cu.ft., Polyurethane foam 2.0 lb/cu.ft. Seat cushion: Polyurethane foam 2.0 lb/cu.ft. Care Frame, non-removable cover Vacuum clean. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Safety and compliance This cover’s ability to resist abrasion has been tested to handle 50,000 cycles. 15,000 cycles or more is suitable for furniture used every day at home. Over 30,000 cycles means a good ability to resist abrasion. The cover has a lightfastness level of 5 (the ability to resist color fading) on a scale of 1 to 8. According to industry standards, a lightfastness level of 4 or higher is suitable for home use. This seating furniture is tested and complies with relevant strength and durability standards. The tests simulate typical usage of the product and are based on use by persons weighing up to 242 lbs. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions EKENÄSET Armchair 905.334.85 Advice and care instructions EKENÄSET Armchair 905.334.85 Measurements Backrest height 18 1/8 " Width 25 1/4 " Depth 30 3/4 " Height 29 7/8 " Height under furniture 8 5/8 " Armrest height 24 3/4 " Seat width 22 " Seat depth 19 5/8 " Seat height 17 3/4 " Packaging 1 × EKENÄSET Armchair 905.334.85 Width: 26 " Height: 14 ½ " Length: 30 " Weight: 31 lb 15 oz Reviews Comfortable chair. David This is the chairiest chair I have ever owned. 5 Stylish and Comfortable Amy This chair is very comfortable for reading or watching TV, and it was easy to assemble. I love how it looks in my space! 5 Mid century Sandra I am very pleased with the wood design and upholstery color of the cushions. 5 Armchair Christina This is exactly what I wanted Comfortable and very attractive Not a cuddle up and read chair but very nice 5 Nate Nataliya I just tested the chair in the store. It’s pretty comfortable. But be aware: the dimensions shown in the image do not match the actual ones—the seat width is 21.5 inches, not 25. 3 False Advertising!! Michael The chair itself is comfortable and the teal is beautiful...BUT the wood shown in the photos do NOT match the product. The wood my chair came with is black, not walnut. I will be returning this chair asap 2 Perfect for music room Bruce I purchased 2 of these for use in a music room. They replaced a Poang chair that was very comfortable, but the high back changed the listening acoustics. The EKENÄSET was a perfect solution and equally as comfortable as the Poang. 5 Classy Comfort Randall I dig this chair. Solid construction - no creaks or flex. It's very comfortable and has a super cool relaxed aesthetic going on. Perfect place to sit while enjoying some Brubeck. Looks great next to the potted rubber tree. 5 Poor Quality Hayatt I loved this chair in store, but it wasn’t as comfortable at home—maybe in a few months it will wear in a bit? My real issue with this chair is the manufacturing. The upholstery is poorly finished. It took 3 purchases to get a decent looking chair—poly stuffing sticking out on the bottom seam, misaligned holes for assembly, and lumpy cushions. I kept the third chair but had to use a lumbar pillow to cover the lumpy looking cushion. 3 Beautiful Kendra Looks great, comfortable. Highly recommend 5 Very nice! Robert This is a very comfortable and very sturdy. I have had this chair for about 8 months. I'm 6'2" and weigh 200 pounds and it works for me. I use it to read and watch TV. I'm very happy with this product. 5 excellent kitchen seating Eric needed some lounge-y chairs for our kitchen and 2 of these fit the bill nicely. comfy but also sturdy 5 Very Comfy Chair Nancy Surprisingly comfortable and sturdy. Deep cushion that is soft, yet supportive. Looks very high end. 5 Mid Century Modern Delight Emilia The cushions are a tad firmer than I would prefer but a fantastic chair overall. It was easy to put together, sturdy with a solid wood construction, comfortable to sit in for long periods, and its appearance fits right in with MCM design. I was so pleased with it I got 2 of them 5 Love it! Anonymous reviewer It was super easy to assemble and I've the color. The color is calming and not busy. Sometimes IKEA furniture is tricky to assemble. This was so easy it took me ten minutes to assemble. I really love this chair and it is really comfortable. The price is a little much, otherwise it is awesome! 5 Nice chair just way overpriced for what you get Brad It’s comfy basic little chair 4 Ticks the boxes Terri L Ekenaset arm chair ticks all the boxes . Not only is this chair good looking it’s comfortable , overall support right where you need it . The fabric is seemingly durable. I vacuum furniture the texture hasn’t changed. Easy build , easy to use in any room , not too heavy or large to move . 5 Comfortable, classy looking Kathleen I would highly recommend these chairs. Great price, comfortable, and fit in a smaller room. They are also easy to assemble. 5 Stylish chairs Janet Good quality chairs. Reasonable price. Easy assembly. 5 Great chair Bryan Well built elegant chair. Its fabric matches perfectly with a sofa available in the same fabric. Comfy to sit in. 5 Customer reviews 4.6 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 470 Average rating 470 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Great! Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I bought this chair for my son who has spinal issues and reads for extended periods of time. He finds it extremely comfortable. It looks very stylish and it was very easy to assemble. Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Stylish and Comfortable Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 This chair is very comfortable for reading or watching TV, and it was easy to assemble. I love how it looks in my space! Amy, United States Mid century Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I am very pleased with the wood design and upholstery color of the cushions. Sandra, United States Show all reviews 4.6 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 470 Average rating 470 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for EKENÄSET Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Lounge chairs 62 Fabric armchairs 275 Leather armchairs 40 EKENÄSET series 35 All Armchairs & accent chairs Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the EKENÄSET series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 