 GREJIG shoe rack, gray, 227/8x105/8x63/4" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage containers, organizers & baskets Clothes organizers Shoe racks & stands GREJIG Shoe rack 5 GREJIG images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media GREJIG Shoe rack, gray, 22 7/8x10 5/8x6 3/4 " $ 4 . 99 Price $ 4.99 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 193 (193) How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 4 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements GREJIG 206.200.61 Simple and flexible storage with an airy design – perfect for the hallway or other tight spaces. The different functions in the GREJIG series create a complete solution for shoes, hats, mail and magazines. More information Materials and care Material Panel/Leg: Polyethylene powder coating,Steel Assembly and documents Assembly instructions GREJIG Shoe rack 206.200.61 Advice and care instructions GREJIG Shoe rack 206.200.61 The simple and flexible GREJIG storage series is perfect for the hallway and other tight spaces. Complete this shoe rack with the wall grid and wall pocket for a practical all-in-one solution. All three functions in the series have the same width, so they align perfectly when used together. Requires minimal assembly and installation – so you can start enjoying the function right away. The shoe rack holds 3 pairs of shoes and you can stack up to 3 racks on top of each other. Just as practical for everyday shoes in the hallway as for fancy shoes in the wardrobe. And since the rack is foldable, you can have some extra racks in the hallway closet that you can unfold and stack when you have guests. Designer IKEA of Sweden Show more Materials and care Material Panel/Leg: Polyethylene powder coating,Steel Assembly and documents Assembly instructions GREJIG Shoe rack 206.200.61 Advice and care instructions GREJIG Shoe rack 206.200.61 Measurements Width 22 7/8 " Depth 10 5/8 " Height 6 3/4 " Packaging 1 × GREJIG Shoe rack 206.200.61 Width: 11 " Height: 1 ¼ " Length: 22 ¾ " Weight: 1 lb 10 oz Reviews Shoe rack Rebecca I use this rack to hold my laptop when I’m sitting up in bed or on the floor. Folds away quickly and easy to store. 5 Not as steady rack Yuki Not as steady and not as strong shoe rack 4 Too Short Marcy I'm a size 9 women's shoes. These don't fit boots. They're not tall enough. They also bow in the middle with weight when I tried to repurpose them for storage. 1 Great Luis We use it on our closet to divide compartments. 5 Convenient Tara Simple, stackable, affordable. Great for small spaces. 5 Useful Wei-Cheng Very convenient 5 Fantastic racks Anna I have at least 6 of these racks throughout my place. They’re easy to set up and I love that they’re stackable. 5 Shoe rack Kim Very sturdy have it in the closet and can fit twice as many shoes row on top and row under 4 Perfect Nathalie Del Carmen This ítem is perfect for ahora!! 5 shoe rack doesnt fit shoes Jacqueline The shelves are too short. Athletic or medium high heels or mens oxfords do not fit between the shelves 2 Very practical Maria Good price n very useful 5 Does the job Jodi Fits the tray and holds 3 pairs of shoes. 5 Practical and sturdy Edwina These shoe racks are sturdy and a practical way to store multiple shoes 5 Great to stack my shoe trays Kathryn Double the trays and keep drips off the shoes stacked below at the door. 5 Great shelf for shoes Jacob Cheap and quick solution for your shoes at home. Can stuck them together as well. 5 perfect for smaller items, not just for shoes Christine I take off shoes worn outside, this Ikea Rack is perfect, stack one on top to put packages while putting shoes on rack below. I keep gardening hose in a big Blue Ikea tote, put it on another Ikea rack to keep it indoors. Yep, not just for shoes. 5 Love these Bridgette They're sturdy, stackable and makes organizing shoes a breeze. 5 More shoes less space Debra I set the shoe rack inside the shoe tray. 2 levels for shoes. Works great. 5 Customer reviews 4.6 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 193 Average rating 193 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Shoe rack Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I use this rack to hold my laptop when I’m sitting up in bed or on the floor. Folds away quickly and easy to store. Rebecca, United States Shoe rack Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Great to organize the shoe mess. Now neatly put into the racks and hardly takes any space. Jane, Canada Shoe rack for £3 Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Helped me add another shelf and therefore store more summer shoes on my current shoe rack.. useful to split kitchen shelves too - more smaller items in the same space Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Show all reviews 4.6 Review: 4.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 193 Average rating 193 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for GREJIG Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Shoe racks & stands 59 Shoe cabinets 28 Clothes boxes 41 Hanging clothes organizers 9 All Clothes organizers Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 