 LAGKAPTEN / ALEX desk, black-brown/white, 551/8x235/8" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Desks & desk chairs Desks & computer desks Table & desk systems Modular desk system Combinations LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk 8 LAGKAPTEN / ALEX images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play The video displays a white desk with black legs, featuring multiple drawers. The desk appears to be made from a combination of white and black materials, providing a contrast between the two colours. It has a modern and clean design, suitable for various office or home environments. The drawers are uniform in size, and they extend fully from the desk, allowing for easy access to storage inside. The frame of the desk is sturdy, suggesting it can support a computer monitor or other heavy objects without issue. The overall impression is one of a well-designed, functional piece of furniture. LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Shop the look Shop the look Shop the look Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " All media More from the ALEX series LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " $ 159 . 99 Price $ 159.99 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 427 (427) Choose color : Black-brown/white Design your own Create a desk customised for your needs How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 159 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements What's included LAGKAPTEN / ALEX 594.321.63 Create your dream workspace with IKEA's "Build Your Own Desk" solution—mix and match tabletops, legs, and accessories to craft a desk tailored perfectly to your style and needs. More information Materials and care Material Tabletop Fiberboard, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Plastic edging, Honeycomb structure paper filling (min. 70% recycled), Particleboard, Fiberboard Drawer unit Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Leg Main parts: Steel, Epoxy/polyester powder coating Foot: Polypropylene Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 ADILS Leg 902.179.72 Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play The video displays a white desk with black legs, featuring multiple drawers. The desk appears to be made from a combination of white and black materials, providing a contrast between the two colours. It has a modern and clean design, suitable for various office or home environments. The drawers are uniform in size, and they extend fully from the desk, allowing for easy access to storage inside. The frame of the desk is sturdy, suggesting it can support a computer monitor or other heavy objects without issue. The overall impression is one of a well-designed, functional piece of furniture. LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " Pre-drilled holes in the table top make it easier to attach the legs. The cut-out handles not only add character to the drawer unit, they also make it easy for you to grip and open the drawers. Materials and care Material Tabletop Fiberboard, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Plastic edging, Honeycomb structure paper filling (min. 70% recycled), Particleboard, Fiberboard Drawer unit Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Leg Main parts: Steel, Epoxy/polyester powder coating Foot: Polypropylene Safety and compliance This desk has been developed and tested for home used and is not suitable for installation of a screen stand. Maximum evenly distributed weight is 110 lbs. Do not place concentrated weight exceeding 33 lbs. on a small surface on the desk. This desk has been tested for domestic use and meets the requirements for durability and stability set forth in the following standards: EN 12521 and EN 1730. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 ADILS Leg 902.179.72 Measurements Depth 23 5/8 " Height 28 3/4 " Width 55 1/8 " Packaging This product comes as 4 packages. 1 × LAGKAPTEN Tabletop 804.870.16 Width: 24 " Height: 1 ½ " Length: 55 ½ " Weight: 16 lb 7 oz 1 × ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Width: 23 ½ " Height: 4 ¼ " Length: 32 " Weight: 61 lb 11 oz 2 × ADILS Leg 902.179.72 Width: 4 ¾ " Height: 2 ¼ " Length: 27 ¾ " Weight: 1 lb 14 oz This product is made up of more than one component. You can find the details of these components below. 1 x Tabletop LAGKAPTEN 55 1/8x23 5/8 " 804.870.16 1 x Drawer unit ALEX 14 1/8x27 1/2 " 004.735.46 2 x Leg ADILS 902.179.72 Reviews Good basic desk Crystal Clean, basic desk for work or homework. The drawers are nice and deep and I like that they come in 2 different heights. I wish that they were completely closed though, rather than having the carved out section to pull it open. I like that the legs can be adjusted in case the floor is uneven. The depth of the countertop is great for a monitor and keyboard. I purchased the longer length but I think the shorter one would’ve been fine. Materials seemt sturdy enough although I haven’t had it long enough to determine its durability. 4 Perfect Carolina Easy to put together, good quality, drawers are really long. I like it 5 Desk Dana Desk is well made, easily assembled, clean looking and minimalistic. Great price! Love it. 5 Great desk Chong Stylish, clean, and easy to assemble. 5 Great desk. Easy assembly and very functional. Richard Love this desk. 5 Wonderful desk Kathy I again used this desk in my craft room. It is a great size and I love the alex unit. 5 Very good Carlos Very good 5 Not for aggressive gamers! Felicia I bought this desk and a larger version for both my boys ages 11&14… this specific one my son hit with an Xbox controller and put a hole in it. Fast forward to today and the desk is destroyed. Any force will completely destroy it. My older son destroyed the top to his desk as well from pounding on it… although I know this is there fault, this is a lot of money for cardboard desk. 3 Perfect For My Needs Robin I am very pleased with this desk and with the assembly service that I was able to purchase. 5 Perfect desk James Easy to assemble 5 Looks good to me Briaunna Easy assembly, and cute. A little shorter than I expected but reasonable. 5 Obsessed Mika Love it next to my Billy Bookshelves! Keeps the aesthetic and looks good on any wall! Deep enough to hold all of my computer requirements! Very sturdy as well! 5 Desk for gift Kelly This was a gift for someone and they just love it. 5 Fantastic value! Erin Fantastic value! 5 Perfect! Jodi My husband put this in my office and it’s perfect! 5 Love it!! Lisa Love this piece! Using it as a work table in my new craft room. Works perfectly!! Be careful putting it together. I wound up upside down although I was meticulous in following the directions I thought. Couldn’t get it apart so had to flip it do get drawers to fit properly. 5 Nice looking, very functional, lots Glen Nice looking, very functional, lots of drawers for storage. 5 Desk Anonymous reviewer Beautiful desk! So sturdy and heavy duty! 5 Alex desk Harmony I love this desk it’s perfect for what I needed 5 I love this set up. Ryanne I love this set up. I would say the only problem is that you could see a footprint on the box and the side of the drawers was broke but it’s up against the wall to it’s all good. 5 Customer reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 427 Average rating 427 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Best desk ever Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I love my desks so much. I made a huge corner desk using these and I've never had so much space, or been as productive. Brooke, New Zealand Perfect Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Easy to put together, good quality, drawers are really long. I like it Carolina, United States Sturdy good quality for the price Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Was relatively easy to put together. Was very impressed by how strong/heavy it was for the price. Drawers are really deep too so can fit loads in them. Great product! Cara, New Zealand Show all reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 427 Average rating 427 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Combinations 125 Legs & trestles 13 Table tops 15 ALEX series 75 All Modular desk system Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the ALEX series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 