 LAGKAPTEN / ALEX desk, black-brown/white, 551/8x235/8" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Desks & desk chairs Desks & computer desks Table & desk systems Modular desk system Combinations LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk 7 LAGKAPTEN / ALEX images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play In the video, theres a demonstration or presentation of a desk named LAGKAPTEN. The desk is shown from various angles, highlighting its design features such as the tabletop surface and the white drawer unit that contains multiple compartments. It is depicted against a plain background to emphasise the desk itself. The video might be educational, showcasing the desks functionality or explaining its assembly process. It could also be used in an online store setting for potential buyers to get a clear view of the products design before making a purchase decision. LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Shop the look Shop the look Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " All media More from the ALEX series LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " $ 239 . 99 Price $ 239.99 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 783 (783) Choose color : Black-brown/white Design your own Create a desk customised for your needs How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 239 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements What's included LAGKAPTEN / ALEX 094.321.89 Create your dream workspace with IKEA's "Build Your Own Desk" solution—mix and match tabletops, legs, and accessories to craft a desk tailored perfectly to your style and needs. More information Materials and care Material Tabletop Fiberboard, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Plastic edging, Honeycomb structure paper filling (min. 70% recycled), Particleboard, Fiberboard Drawer unit Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play In the video, theres a demonstration or presentation of a desk named LAGKAPTEN. The desk is shown from various angles, highlighting its design features such as the tabletop surface and the white drawer unit that contains multiple compartments. It is depicted against a plain background to emphasise the desk itself. The video might be educational, showcasing the desks functionality or explaining its assembly process. It could also be used in an online store setting for potential buyers to get a clear view of the products design before making a purchase decision. LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Desk, black-brown/white, 55 1/8x23 5/8 " The cut-out handles not only add character to the drawer units, they also make it easy for you to grip and open the drawers. The tabletop has pre-drilled holes to make it easier to attach to the underframe. Materials and care Material Tabletop Fiberboard, Printed and embossed acrylic paint, Plastic edging, Honeycomb structure paper filling (min. 70% recycled), Particleboard, Fiberboard Drawer unit Main parts/ Front: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Drawer side/ Drawer back: Particleboard, Plastic foil Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Safety and compliance This desk has been tested for domestic use and meets the requirements for durability and stability set forth in the following standards: EN 12521 and EN 1730. This desk has been developed and tested for home used and is not suitable for installation of a screen stand. Maximum evenly distributed weight is 110 lbs. Do not place concentrated weight exceeding 33 lbs. on a small surface on the desk. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Measurements Depth 23 5/8 " Height 28 3/4 " Width 55 1/8 " Packaging This product comes as 3 packages. 1 × LAGKAPTEN Tabletop 804.870.16 Width: 24 " Height: 1 ½ " Length: 55 ½ " Weight: 16 lb 7 oz 2 × ALEX Drawer unit 004.735.46 Width: 23 ½ " Height: 4 ¼ " Length: 32 " Weight: 61 lb 11 oz This product is made up of more than one component. You can find the details of these components below. 1 x Tabletop LAGKAPTEN 55 1/8x23 5/8 " 804.870.16 2 x Drawer unit ALEX 14 1/8x27 1/2 " 004.735.46 Reviews Great Desk Keith This desk looks great in our sewing room and functions the way we expected it to. 5 Great desk, lots of storage Everett If you just want a simple no-frills desk that has lots of storage, this is it 5 Desk top not secured Susan Directions for the desk doesn't include how to anchor the top to the drawer units. I am using it for a sewing table. I called IKEA for help and the person I talked to said a rubber sheeting or double stick tape. Not exactly the "fix" I was expecting. I opted for the rubber (with holes) shelf lining material (that I had to supply) and it seems to not slip. The directions should explain that. At least this way it will be easy to take apart to move. 4 Sturdy work desk Kimiko A sturdy work desk with plenty of storage drawers and an ample desk top for a large monitor, printer, and accessories. 5 Love it! Vivian I love this desk. Extremely spacious and sturdy. I was also shocked to see how deep the drawers were. Not to mention, this desk can be transformed into three different designs. Love, love, love! Highly recommend! 🥰❤️ 5 Great Efren ACCURATE AND 5 Great Desk! Susan This is a great desk! I love all of the drawer space! Perfect for my needs. Best part is it was easy to assemble. Drawer slides are pre-assembled! 5 Beautiful desk. Jan The desk is strong, looks very nice, drawers are spacious,and easy to put together. I love this desk! It is perfect. 5 love my new desk Joeranda love it 5 good storage but way too short Irene The desk is really short. Most chairs are too high for it 2 Alex desk Tammy This desk has very concise directions and only took a little while to put together. It looks great in my space and is perfect for my sewing studio. 5 Alot has changed in the quality over the years Catherine I love the design and look of this desk! But.... the quality over the past 3 years has diminished. So i bought this same desk.. but in white 3 years ago i love it. I still have it. I decided i wanted another one for my office. I ordered one in black to match my space.... the quality is not the same and the drawers are not smooth to open and close as they were years agom it seems like it is so easy to scratch now like they put no finish or anything to protect the paint on the desk. I still love it. But sad to see the quality is not the same at all. I hope it lasts just as long as the one i bought in 2023. 4 PERFECT Vanity Desk! Iris This is exactly what I wanted for my dream Vanity! I am truly LOVING IT! 5 Amazing desk for gaming Shaimaa I like the quality of this desk and it’s very gorgeous and I love those drawers that can fill up with many things in drawers. 5 Not cheap and difficult to assemble Jennifer Looked ok once put together - should do a better job noting that the inserts are extra and also not cheap. 3 Worse design for assemble the top Yanxia ikea.com May 23, 2026 The desk is so hard to assemble with alighing the screws with drilled holes on the top panel. We spent hours and tried a miliion ways, finally have to disamble it to make it. Worst design ever 1 What an infuriating product to put together ! January Took 3 adults multiple sessions to get this together. Multiple drawers are wedged so tight into it to make it fit, at this point are they are so hard to open it is unusable. I would love to return it but I would ruin it and be unable to return it any way if I tried to take it apart. Really disappointed in the quality of this and total waste of money. I wish I could upload a video of how bad the drawers are. 1 Desk top Amanda Really nice quality. Very happy with purchase. 5 Lagkapten desk (black brown) Lorraine Bought two of these desk drawers to accommodate the matching desk top. My 13 year old assembled it! Nice size desk, plenty of drawers for storage. Really like how nice it looks. 5 Easy to assemble Connor Works well, high quality for the price 5 Customer reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 783 Average rating 783 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Great Desk Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 This desk looks great in our sewing room and functions the way we expected it to. Keith, United States Great desk, lots of storage Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 If you just want a simple no-frills desk that has lots of storage, this is it Everett, United States Desk Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 This desk is lovely has lots of storage for my daughters school equipment. Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Show all reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 783 Average rating 783 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for LAGKAPTEN / ALEX Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Combinations 125 Legs & trestles 13 Table tops 15 ALEX series 75 All Modular desk system Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the ALEX series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 