 NORDLI 4-drawer dresser, white, 311/2x181/2x207/8" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage & organization Dressers & storage drawers Dressers & chests of drawers NORDLI 4-drawer dresser 5 NORDLI images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play The video features a demonstration of how to open one of the drawers in a white chest of four drawers, labelled with the product name NORDLI. The drawer is opened by someones hand reaching into the frame, showing their fingers extending towards the open space, capturing the moment just before the object inside becomes visible. The focus remains on the action of opening the drawer, highlighting its functionality and design. NORDLI 4-drawer dresser, white, 31 1/2x18 1/2x20 7/8 " Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media More from the NORDLI series NORDLI 4-drawer dresser, white, 31 1/2x18 1/2x20 7/8 " $ 249 . 99 Price $ 249.99 Review: 2.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 31 (31) Choose color : White How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 249 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements NORDLI 505.890.78 Keep everything from clothes to accessories organized with NORDLI chest of drawers. It comes in various sizes that looks great when combined, all in Scandinavian clean design with soft-closing drawers. Product features Adjustable feet Soft-closing More information Materials and care Material Top panel/ Side panel: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Partition: Particle- and fiberboard with honeycomb paper filling (100% recycled paper), Acrylic paint, Plastic edging Bottom panel: Particle- and fiberboard with honeycomb paper filling (100% recycled paper), Acrylic paint, Acrylic paint, Plastic edging Back panel: Particleboard, Paper foil Drawer front/ Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Drawer side: Particleboard, Plastic foil Care Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions NORDLI 4-drawer dresser 505.890.78 Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. play The video features a demonstration of how to open one of the drawers in a white chest of four drawers, labelled with the product name NORDLI. The drawer is opened by someones hand reaching into the frame, showing their fingers extending towards the open space, capturing the moment just before the object inside becomes visible. The focus remains on the action of opening the drawer, highlighting its functionality and design. NORDLI 4-drawer dresser, white, 31 1/2x18 1/2x20 7/8 " Integrated damper catches the running drawer and closes it slowly, silently and softly. The concealed drawer runners ensure that drawers run smoothly even when heavily loaded. Adjustable feet make it possible to compensate for any irregularities in the floor. Use smaller boxes to organize the inside of your drawers and make sure even the smallest of items are easy to find. We offer boxes in a wide selection of styles and sizes. The assembly of this product is simplified thanks to the wedge dowel that clicks into pre-drilled holes. Your home should be a safe place for the entire family. That’s why a wall-anchoring kit is included for you to anchor your chest of drawers to the wall. Designer Ola Wihlborg Show more Good to know The chest of drawers holds approximately 100 medium-sized T-shirts. Materials and care Material Top panel/ Side panel: Particleboard, Acrylic paint, Paper foil, Plastic edging Partition: Particle- and fiberboard with honeycomb paper filling (100% recycled paper), Acrylic paint, Plastic edging Bottom panel: Particle- and fiberboard with honeycomb paper filling (100% recycled paper), Acrylic paint, Acrylic paint, Plastic edging Back panel: Particleboard, Paper foil Drawer front/ Drawer bottom: Fiberboard, Acrylic paint Drawer side: Particleboard, Plastic foil Care Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Safety and compliance WARNING! Tipping hazard – this product must be securely anchored. Use suitable screws and plugs for your home. If you are uncertain, seek professional advice. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions NORDLI 4-drawer dresser 505.890.78 Measurements Depth 18 1/2 " Drawer depth (inside) 14 5/8 " Height 20 7/8 " Width 31 1/2 " Storage capacity 2.8 cu.ft Packaging This product comes as 2 packages. 1 × NORDLI 4-drawer dresser 505.890.78 Package 1 Width: 19 " Height: 4 ¾ " Length: 41 ¾ " Weight: 56 lb 14 oz Package 2 Width: 18 " Height: 2 ¾ " Length: 33 ¼ " Weight: 26 lb 7 oz Reviews BY FAR THE WOOOORRRST PURCHASE I EVER MADE. Tyvincia I’ve exclusively purchased IKEA only furniture for the past 10 years and never have I ever encountered lower quality from them like this. The tongue and grooves don’t match up, causing the holes not to match up rendering the product pretty much useless. 1 Not the best material or surface finish Natalie The first piece I picked up, the cover material pulled away from the particle board. When fitting pieces together, it was easy to damage the edges. For the money paid, the quality is bad. I finished building it, not worth the work to take it apart to return. I wonder how long it will last? 2 Read recent reviews for warnings Jillian I just put together two 6ft+ Billy bookcases by myself (+ a handtruck) and did not have any of the issues with assembly that I just had with this garbage. One of the worst assembly experiences I've ever had. As others have reported, the base pieces just slide together (plastic plugs into poorly routed keyhole shapes) like a pathetic puzzle- no actual fastening is happening. And to slide completely requires some degree of force which these materials absolutely cannot stand. The chipboard was falling apart in my hands; the finishes scratched & split. It's now together; the base feels sturdy enough but the drawers are wonky & I don't expect it to last long. 1 Assembly is a nightmare Mary This dresser looks great in the store and I wish I read the reviews. Assembly is horrendous. Some of the cuts were wrong requiring some rigging. The material is incredibly cheap for a $250 dresser and trying to fit the pieces together when the cuts are wrong is impossible. This dresser took me almost 3 hours to assemble due to the poor cuts from manufacturing. The drawers are not even in the frame because they wouldn’t fit properly on the racks. 2 Tiny dresser Alana I assumed this would be like the rest of the Nordli series. This is the height of a nightstand. I’m not sure why they are calling it a dresser. Waste of time and money. Not recommended 1 BUYER BEWARE! More like Temu than Ikea Liz Wow, in all my years of purchasing IKEA furniture, I've never had the parts break during assembly. The drawer pieces are flimsier than a Wasa cracker and extremely difficult to build without chipping. The frame is fairly heavy, and yet held together with plastic pegs. If you manage to get the frame and drawers built, good luck aligning the drawer holes to the metal sliders! If you're unlucky like me, the holes don't even line up, rendering the entire dresser unusable. What a waste of time and money. I'm so upset. I should have listened to the other reviews warning about this product, I just didn't think it could be this bad! 1 Downgrade in quality Julia We had purchased a Nordli modular set back in 2023 and we love it. It’s sturdy and looks great. We decided to expand and reconfigure the dressers and decided to purchase these 4 drawer sets. Upon building, we were disappointed to discover that they are not the same quality as the sets purchased 2 years ago nor could we interlock it with the older set. The hardware is mostly plastic and the back panel of the unit doesn’t even fully meet the top piece so there’s a gap. We are keeping one set because we can work with it, but are returning the 2nd unit we purchased. 3 Worth every penny Sheikh I use this inside my closet and the size and deep drawers are unmatchable. Very hard to find anything else like this. 5 Believe the reviews Robin I took a chance despite the reviews and wish I hadn’t. Basically had the same issues as the rest. Assembly is not easy and even when put together, doesn’t seem sturdy enough. Was wanting to using as a bench but don’t trust the structure and will be returning. Which is disappointing because I love IKEA furniture 1 Nordli Dresser Jeff When I read the existing reviews for this item I was dubious about making the purchase. But it sounded like an assembly challenge so I made the buy. It turned out that some of the reviews were accurate as the assembly system was new to me. I have to say that the assembly would not have been possible at all if I hadn't used my rubber mallet. The panels cannot be pushed into place by hand and need to be hammered. The end result was excellent, by the way. 4 Disappointing Decline in Quality Stephan I used to love the Nordli 4-drawer dresser, but the latest version is flimsy and poorly designed. Even when fully assembled, it wobbles side to side and feels unstable. The slide lock mechanism was a terrible choice—it doesn’t provide enough structural integrity. Unlike the sturdy previous versions, this one can’t even be moved without shifting awkwardly. Really disappointed in the quality downgrade. IKEA needs to bring back the solid build that made Nordli great. 1 Garbage Lisa I bought this today and it is very low quality. Three of the four drawers didn’t fit together and were falling apart as I tried to assemble them. IKEA is sending me a replacement box, but I am not hopeful. The wastefulness of producing furniture like this has put me off IKEA for life now. 1 Not what it used to be Marianne We have multiple nordli pieces in our primary and vacation homes. I put them together myself and they have survived moves over many years. It’s been our go to furniture and many friend loved it too. Everything about our nordli pieces as wonderful- functional, sturdy, and good looking. It seems ikea just ruined Nordli as I knew it. I just tried to assemble an additional piece and it was a nightmare. The particle board is ridiculously crumbly and the pieces don’t line up. The finished piece is a joke. It looks terrible. I’m going to return the other piece that is still in the box. What a shame. 1 Cute but.... Jennifer These dressers are cute but after years of putting IKEA furniture together, I have to admit these were the most difficult to assemble because of the construction. 3 Not what it used to be Sabrina I purchased this as a modular storage system within the past couple years and decided to get a smaller 4 drawer version. The quality has changed! No longer can you order it as a modular system, the back is no longer finished and the base has a white top so there is a white line visible all around where it used to be (and in the photos) it shows a nice dark finish. The base used to be set in, but now it's flush. And like others have mentioned putting this thing together is HARD!!! The drawers are the worst. I give it 4 starts because IKEA sent me a replacement after the drawers arrived damaged, and ultimately once together it does look nice. It's just unfortunate that the photos and descriptions are more about the older versions, so be aware. The price is good compared to similar storage units though if you can get it together. 4 Perfect little storage Tasha Need something with deeper drawers and short. This was perfect and is pretty sturdy once put together. 5 Quality is not there Liz This was a little difficult to assemble, the parts didn’t line up all the time and had to be hammered in, causing some dents and damage to the fragile boards. It looks nice and I like the soft close drawers, I hope it holds up long term. 3 Assembly from hell. Anonymous reviewer I’m a 180lb man. Took all of my body weight just to get the snap assembly aligned. I’ve worked on military aircraft components that required less strength. 1 Great Storage Solution With a Few Quirks Anonymous reviewer First of all, I love how the cabinet looks. They look very clean and they held everything I needed. I bought 4 at the same time and all of them were consistent in quality with no scratches or scruff from the box. I wish I could give this a 5 star but the instructions were very unclear and only made up more confusion (I have built a lot of Ikea items this instruction booklet was not great). This option was much better than anything I found from any other vendor and the quality is there. 4 Low Quality - not like the original Nordli Dana I made the mistake of ignoring the other one star review and purchasing this product. As an owner of 3 of the older Nordli drawer sets & other IKEA products (all self-assembled), I’m extremely disappointed in this product. Quality is very low in this new release. Parts do not line up and you’re instructed to hammer them into place , but the particle board falls apart with gentle taps. I understand the redesign was to ensure product is mounted to wall for safety , but the product falls apart before you’re even done assembling it , so don’t think about building it in another room and moving it .. 1 Customer reviews 2.6 Review: 2.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 31 Average rating 31 Reviews Show all reviews Show all reviews 2.6 Review: 2.6 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 31 Average rating 31 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for NORDLI Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Dressers & chests of drawers 137 Nightstands 89 Wire basket drawers 7 NORDLI series 58 All Dressers & storage drawers Recommended for you Story IKEA takes the lead to reduce the risk of tipping At IKEA, we want to create a better everyday life for the many people – and a safer life is a better life. That’s why we constantly work to develop innovative stability solutions. Furniture tipping over is one of the home furnishing industry's most serious safety issues and we’ll never stop working on innovative stability solutions for our storage furniture. A tip-over accident can happen when you least expect it. It could be someone using a drawer as support to stand up or children climbing to reach something on top. But no one can predict all the scenarios that everyday living at home can create. That’s why the best way to avoid tipping accidents is to always anchor the furniture to the wall. But we also offer new stability solutions that help make our storage furniture safer. One example is our stability feature Anchor and Unlock. "It means that the chest of drawers must be anchored to a wall to be able to open more than one drawer at a time, which reduces the risk of tipping, but doesn’t entirely remove it. By anchoring the chest of drawers to the wall, you unlock the drawers and can open them all at once," says Björn Andreasson from the development team. Another way we increase stability is to integrate it into the design. "With GREÅKER cabinet with drawers, for example, we´ve developed hinges that stop the doors at a 115-degree angle and keep them there to reduce the risk of tipping," says product developer Dagmara Pawlus. IKEA of course meets all safety requirements in our markets, but we don’t just settle for this. We often set higher demands than what legislation requires to help people enjoy a better everyday life – in a safer home. Learn more Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the NORDLI series Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 