 TRONES shoe/storage cabinet, black, 201/2x71/8x153/8" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Storage containers, organizers & baskets Clothes organizers Shoe cabinets TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 7 TRONES images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet, black, 20 1/2x7 1/8x15 3/8 " $ 39 . 99 /2 pack Price $ 39.99/2 pack In-store only price $31.99 Offer valid from Sep 8, 2026 until Dec 24, 2026 Exclusive IKEA Family offer Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1316 (1316) How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 39 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements TRONES 803.973.13 Combine as many cabinets as you like and use the top surface to unload your wallet, cell phone or keys. It’s shallow and takes up little space – a practical solution in smaller entrances or hallways. More information Materials and care Material Polypropylene plastic (min. 20% recycled) Care Wipe clean with a soft cloth dampened with water and a mild dish detergent or soap, if necessary. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 803.973.13 Advice and care instructions TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 803.973.13 The shallow cabinet takes up little space, and is ideal for storing shoes, gloves and scarves. If your storage needs change you can easily create more storage space by stacking several cabinets on top of each other or placing them side by side. There is a recessed area on the top of the cabinet that you can use to place small things, like your keys, coins and mobile phone. The door is easy to remove when you want to clean inside the cabinet. Designer Richard Clack Good to know Different wall materials require different types of fasteners. Use fasteners suitable for the walls in your home. Holds approx. 4 pairs of shoes. Materials and care Material Polypropylene plastic (min. 20% recycled) Care Wipe clean with a soft cloth dampened with water and a mild dish detergent or soap, if necessary. Wipe dry with a clean cloth. Safety and compliance These shoe cabinets must be secured to the wall. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 803.973.13 Advice and care instructions TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 803.973.13 Measurements Width 20 1/2 " Depth 7 1/8 " Height 15 3/8 " Package quantity 2 pack Packaging 1 × TRONES Shoe/storage cabinet 803.973.13 Width: 20 ¼ " Height: 7 ¼ " Length: 30 ½ " Weight: 11 lb 4 oz Reviews Entertainer Phuoc They are sturdy, fast set up, good price and help my door step look cleaner 5 Trones Shoe Storage Cabinet Susan We purchased this as a solution for storing our shoes in our RV & it works in the small space perfectly inside our door. No assembly required other than securing it to the wall if needed. The top is designed to stack as soon or use the top as a tray for your keys, glasses, etc. nice quality & would recommend. 5 Campervan storage Robert Side wall, light weight storage units, work perfect for towels, swimwear, hats, and more. Keeps the campervan from looking messy and gives a clean look to the inside without being bulky. 5 shoe wrack Maria ots perfect for entry way 5 Buy these! Melissa We have these all over the house. Inside and outside. So many uses. 5 Lightweight shoe storage James Love these lightweight wall cabinets for shoe or other storage. Easy to mount. Very Practical! 5 Shoe storage Annielyn Great price for shoe storage and it’s not to wide and fit in a corner. 5 Awesome Red So easy to install, and so accessible, great addition to my front door area, strongly recommend 5 Fantastic Anely Fantastic solution for everything not only shoes 5 Quality no good Sergio Bad quality 1 Great Storage solution Penny functional for not just shoe storage, great for any room in the house. 5 LOVE IT LOVE IT Muhammad Perfect for small and tight spaces, great storage and love the look of it. Very easy to install. 5 Love Them Tanita I had been wanting to get these for awhile so I finally ordered them,had them shipped to me. I'm gonna be honest and say one of them was broken like cracked on the bottom when I took it out the plastic but I didn't wanna go through the hassle to return or whatever if I could fix it so I used my glue gun to fix and hung them on the wall. I absolutely love how they look and so glad I went ahead and bought them! 5 Garage perfection Cherie Cleaned up the shoe drop zone in my garage perfectly! 5 Perfect! Anonymous reviewer This is exactly what I needed. It’s slim and holds a lot. Perfect looking very sleek and modern 5 almost hidden storage Terry looks sleek disappears in my entryway helps keep floor area clear 5 Solved my hsoe and access problem in the front hallway. Kameron Yes this little black box did it for me. Nicely organized now. I have a very small condo, the entrance is small and this took the shoes right up on the floor onto the wall, problem solved and with a place for the essentials like keys right on top. Couldn't be better when you have a small place to work with. Thx 5 Exactly what I needed Amanda Easy set up, exactly what I needed. 5 Perfect for RV Joanne I am very pleased with this purchase. It is perfect for storing shoes in our RV. Takes up very little space, easy open and close, can be secured it needed and is made well. 5 Shoe Storage Lora I bought this for my RV to store shoes and it is perfect. It’s slim so it works well when you have a lack of space in an RV. Material is a well made plastic, it holds 2-3 pairs of shoes in each section. I highly recommend! 5 Customer reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1316 Average rating 1316 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Entertainer Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 They are sturdy, fast set up, good price and help my door step look cleaner Phuoc, United States Still looks great Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I have it for more than two years but still looking fresh and new like the first day Reza, Canada Campervan storage Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Side wall, light weight storage units, work perfect for towels, swimwear, hats, and more. Keeps the campervan from looking messy and gives a clean look to the inside without being bulky. Robert, United States Show all reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1316 Average rating 1316 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for TRONES Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Shoe cabinets 28 Clothes boxes 41 Hanging clothes organizers 9 Shoe boxes & organizers 7 All Clothes organizers Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 