 FADO table lamp, white, 10" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Lighting Lamps & light fixtures Table lamps FADO Table lamp 8 FADO images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Selling fast Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media IKEA Family price FADO Table lamp, white, 10 " $ 19 . 99 Price $ 19.99 33% off, save $10.00 Regular price: $29.99 Price valid Oct 7, 2026 - Nov 11, 2026 or while supply lasts Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1018 (1018) Light bulb sold separately. IKEA recommends LED bulb E26 globe opal white. Complete with SOLHETTA LED bulb E26 800 lumen, 5000 K $ 5 . 99 /2 pack Price $ 5.99/2 pack Add to bag Show more How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 19 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements FADO 700.963.77 Looking for a table lamp with clean lines that can spread soft and cozy mood lighting when darkness falls? This large decorative globe in white glass is a perfect choice. More information Materials and care Material Base: Polypropylene Shade: Glass Care Clean with a duster. Warning: This product can expose you to chemicals including lead, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov . Assembly and documents Assembly instructions FADO Table lamp 700.963.77 FADO Table lamp 700.963.77 Creates a soft, cozy mood light in your room. Designer IKEA of Sweden Good to know Light bulb sold separately. IKEA recommends LED bulb E26 globe opal white. Use an opal light bulb if you have an ordinary lamp shade or lamp and want an even, diffused distribution of light. If you choose a smart light bulb for your lamp, you can change the color and dim the light. Materials and care Material Base: Polypropylene Shade: Glass Care Clean with a duster. Warning: This product can expose you to chemicals including lead, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov . Assembly and documents Assembly instructions FADO Table lamp 700.963.77 FADO Table lamp 700.963.77 Measurements Max. 75 W Height 9 " Diameter 10 " Cord length 6 ' 1 " Packaging 1 × FADO Table lamp 700.963.77 Width: 10 ¾ " Height: 10 " Length: 10 ¾ " Weight: 2 lb 10 oz Reviews Package was dry but lamp was damp Avery Package arrived 2 days late and the lamp itself was damp and smelled bad. It also arrived with a small chip in it :( 3 In love with the color variations! Alyssa The glass ball gives off a super sleek touch to any space and I love the color changes the light bulb allows you to make. It’s perfect to light any space and give it a cool, fun and cozy vibe! 5 Beautiful but super thin glass Ben I've had a few of these over the years. They break very easily. 1 Lámpara redonda Naila Me encantó. Le doy todo los créditos !! 5 Timeless Classic Anna Ikea made a timeless classic with the FADO. I’ve had mine for years and it’s one of the only lamps that has survived my many home redesigns. The light is warm and still receive compliments as if it was brand new. You can’t go wrong with a perfectly proportioned orb lamp. 10/10 stars 5 Really cool~ Chanel What a fun cute lamp! Love it so far, fits perfectly in my space as someone who hates overhead lights. 5 beautiful and broken Breann this lamp is beautiful and works so well with colorful bulbs. but, similar to other reviewers, the springs that hold in the glass WILL shatter it if you move it. i lifted it maybe an inch to dust underneath and it shattered and i was cut. they replaced it, and i will not be using the springs to hold it onto the base next time. maybe some putty or something else would be better to hold it in place, but be warned if you try to move it that there should be NO pressure on the cord when you shift it! 3 Black mark on glass Vanessa Im not sure what it’s from but its not worth the process of returning, there’s just a black mark that was hidden under a sticker than won’t wipe off maybe it was debris that got into it during the glass making process. It’s not the end of the world but I just have to position the lamp a certain way to make sure it doesn’t show. 3 Love it! Haley Looks so great in our space, exactly what we wanted and incredibly inexpensive for the quality! 5 Visible defects in the glass Preston The lamp itself is attractive and works as expected, but my glass globe arrived with several visible cosmetic defects. They're noticeable when the lamp is turned on, although I was able to rotate the globe so they're less visible from my normal viewing angle. If you're buying this lamp, inspect the globe carefully when you unbox it in case yours has similar cosmetic defects. 3 Perfect! Lorren This lamp is an excellent value and is such a fun way to add ambient lighting to a space. Great with the addition of a color changing bulb. 5 The perfect lamp. Charles This lamp was the perfect choice for my small room that I am renting. It was very easy to assemble, offered perfect mood lighting and has a timeless look to it that blends in with any style of decor. I can see why it is a best-seller. I absolutely love this little lamp and how versatile it is. 5 Goooood~ Inae It’s butiful! 5 SO COOL Mary Adds such a cool look to my otherwise boring desk! 5 Great value and stylish Kevin Love the fact that colored bulbs can be used to enhance this product. I have three! 5 Broken Amanda When I lifted it to change the lightbulb, the clamps that keep the glass and lightbulb base together came undone and broke the glass.. 1 extremely fragile Chelsea Obviously it's glass so you should be careful but I literally never got to use this glass even once. As soon as I took it out of the box, it fell off my nightstand (very los, about 1 foot of the ground) onto carpet and completely broken. I've held onto it since because I can't bring myself to just toss it. But unfortunately no globe replacement is available. be extremely careful 3 Ball Lamp Dianna Like the product cute lamp for my room. 5 I Love this lamp Jazmine It's the perfect size, and it makes my room very cozy. I love it. I will be buying more lamps from Ikea. 5 Love it Hyunyoung This is exactly my style. 3 Customer reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1018 Average rating 1018 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews In love with the color variations! Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 The glass ball gives off a super sleek touch to any space and I love the color changes the light bulb allows you to make. It’s perfect to light any space and give it a cool, fun and cozy vibe! Alyssa, United States Really cool~ Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 What a fun cute lamp! Love it so far, fits perfectly in my space as someone who hates overhead lights. Chanel, United States Cute lamp Review: 4 out of 5 stars. 4 Gives off a lovely glow. Just the right size and shape to add some decoration and cozy glow by the TV. Works well. Laura, New Zealand Show all reviews 4.5 Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1018 Average rating 1018 Reviews Show all reviews Accessories for FADO Show all accessories As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Table lamps 86 Floor lamps 51 Desk lamps 34 Wall lights 31 All Lamps & light fixtures Recommended for you Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 