 MOSSLANDA picture ledge, black, 451/4" - IKEA Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Products Home decor & accessories Wall décor Display shelves & picture ledges MOSSLANDA Picture ledge 5 MOSSLANDA images Skip images Image zoomed out, normal view Best seller Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view Image zoomed out, normal view All media MOSSLANDA Picture ledge, black, 45 1/4 " $ 19 . 99 Price $ 19.99 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1987 (1987) Choose size 21 ¾ " $ 9 . 99 $ 9.99 45 1/4 " 21 ¾ " How to get it Checking availability... You must enable JavaScript to shop on IKEA.com Available services Collect 19 points with IKEA Family Join for free or log in | Explore what you can get It's OK to change your mind Return within 365 days for a full refund*. Learn more Low Price Guarantee Price drops? Get the difference back within 90 days with IKEA Family More ways to pay Checking payment options... Overview Product details Measurements MOSSLANDA 702.921.04 Of course the things you like you want on display. This display shelf is a perfect way to show paintings, photos and other favorite items. Use several and create a whole wall with art and memories. More information Materials and care Material Fiberboard, Paper foil Care Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions MOSSLANDA Picture ledge 702.921.04 The picture ledge has a special groove to keep smaller frames at the perfect angle. The picture ledge makes it easy to vary your favorite motifs as often as you like. Designer M Warnhammar/A Fredriksson Good to know Screws and any other fasteners you might need to attach your solution securely to the wall (e.g. wall anchors) are not included. Different wall materials require different types of fasteners. Use fasteners suitable for the walls in your home. Can be fixed with suitable screws/fittings from our TRIXIG series. Materials and care Material Fiberboard, Paper foil Care Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Safety and compliance Recommended for pictures that are max. 17¾" high. Pictures that are higher will not stand on the ledge and may fall down. Assembly and documents Assembly instructions MOSSLANDA Picture ledge 702.921.04 Measurements Length 45 1/4 " Depth 4 3/4 " Max. load 16.53 lb Packaging 1 × MOSSLANDA Picture ledge 702.921.04 Width: 5 " Height: 3 " Length: 45 ½ " Weight: 4 lb 4 oz Reviews Great except no screws! Christi Super cute picture ledge or flip it upside down and it can be a regular shelf. The ONLY problem is there are NO nails and nowhere does it tell you the size of nails to purchase :-( My first purchase from Ikea and not sure if I will go back. I was very disappointed, but I loved the meatballs! 3 Very pleased Cici Fits my space perfectly 5 bar Ricardo built a bar and used this for my bottles and glasses 5 small black shelf Laura This is a nice shelf. We use it to hold pictures and other small things. It would be nice if there was a slightly longer shelf option like there is in the bamboo color. 4 It was wider than the old ones Donna Fortunately it still was useful to work over my oven that no longer has a back control panel. I’m still looking for a garlic jar but it’s working fine. 5 Wears well!! Patricia I first purchased these more than ten years ago and am back for more. I’ve used them in so many rooms and they still look great! In my office, bathrooms, nursery, children’s playrooms over the years, in different colors and lengths they’ve helped brighten and beautify many spaces. No, the screws aren’t included but you can always save yourself a trip to the store and buy IKEA’s screw set - it has a lot of the fasteners you’ll need over time because you’ll love these these!! 5 Mosslanda Steven Very happy 5 Seam came apart and it sags Karen I really liked this display shelf but after just under a year, the back seam is coming apart so it sags and my things fell off the shelf 2 PICTURE LEDGE Stephanie perfect for large clay plates 5 PICTURE LEDGE Stephanie Perfect for large clay plates 5 Wall to Wall as a Bed Headboard Penny There are so many options to use for art, photography and objects of art or whatever and It is so easy to change and reorganize your items. 5 Good but no screws Sonja I really like these shelves but just note it doesn’t come with anything to mount them to the wall. I went to Home Depot to purchase some drywall screws which worked perfectly. Looks great! 4 Picture ledge hack from As-is Department Jesus Initially, I didn't know what this was when I found it in the As-is section. I purchased it along with three magnetic coat hangers and I installed the ledge upside down with the 3 coat hangers screwed on the face of it. Turned out great looking. I place small things on the very top since the ledge can still be used as a shelf, only its upside down. I didn't know it was a picture shelf until a week later when I was browsing through the art frames and spotted it there. I had a good chuckle. 5 Strong Heather We got these as a place to keep cookbooks in our kitchen. I'm impressed with how much weight they hold. We have multiple decent-sized cookbooks on each and can even prop an open cookbook for reference so it's off the counter. 5 excellent for small items or pictures Sara I have several of these. I use them to have small paintings that I can change out without having to make holes in the walls. This one is in my kitchen for small boards and bottles above my appliances 5 Perfect for what I needed Heidi Easy to hang. They look great on the wall. I bought three. The depth is perfect as it gave me the shelf space without intruding into the room. 5 Nostalgic Jaklen Very nice have not used it yet but love the look 5 NO SCREWS INCLUDED Kevin maybe tell workers or a HUGE sign tell us we need the proper screws… instead of small fine print 1 Really like these, but needs one addition Jill These are very functional, and I have used them in several places, including on the side of a pax unit. The one thing I wish was available would be an option piece to close the side, so items on it can’t fall off the edges, such as bottles. But I still like them, and would purchase more if/when needed. 4 Love it Evelina Very easy to install. Hung four next to some paintings and made the gallery wall look great 5 Customer reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1987 Average rating 1987 Reviews Show all reviews Skip customer reviews Perfect Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Great shelves. Easy to put up with your own fixings. I used EasyFix Self Drill Plasterboard Fixings. Looks fab, deep enough to display items other than pictures. Perfect!! Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Just what I wanted Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 I needed shelves to display my beer bottle collection and they are the perfect depth and colour to match my room Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Useful slim shelves Review: 5 out of 5 stars. 5 Very pleased with these shelves which I’m using to prop lots of photos on which saves a lot of space! Anonymous reviewer, United Kingdom Show all reviews 4.7 Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars. Total reviews: 1987 Average rating 1987 Reviews Show all reviews As seen on Instagram See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing Related products Explore more options Display shelves & picture ledges 19 Poster & picture frames 129 Wall art 36 Wall accents 8 All Wall décor Recommended for you Material What is fibreboard? Fiberboard is a stable and durable material made of leftover wood from the wood industry. A durable outer layer of paint or laminate is added to the board. The difference between various types of fiberboards, such as HDF and MDF, is mainly the thickness, yet also how impact-resistant they are. This determines if we will use them for bed frames, sofa frames, kitchen fronts, wardrobe doors, or something completely different. Get the look See how our products look in real homes! Share your photos on Instagram with #MyIKEAUSA or tag @IKEAUSA for a chance to be seen here. Skip listing More from the Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free. See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work. See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection 