UPLIFT V2 & UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame                                                                                                                                                                            FAQs


   Features & Differences
   What features do the UPLIFT V2 and UPLIFT V2-Commercial frames come with?

                                 Accessory Mounting Points
                                 Both frames have loads of features, starting with their pre-drilled accessory mounting points. These mounting points
                                 enable you to quickly and securely install a desk extension, an under-desk hammock, or other useful, innovative
                                 accessories. All of the mounting hardware is hidden, which helps you maintain a clean-looking workspace. The
                                 quantities of these mounting points break down as follows:

                                        • 2-leg desks come with 48
                                        • 3-leg L-shaped desks come with 88 (exception below)
                                        • Curved corner L-shaped desks, which come with a single-piece top, include 48


                                 Included Under-desk Wire Management
                                 Both of our UPLIFT V2 frames also come with a comprehensive cord management solution: the Wire Management Tray
                                 by UPLIFT Desk. This tray hides your cables at the rear of your desk, and fits a surge protector, enabling you to plug in at
                                 a central location while keeping wires out of the way.


                                 Superior Anti-collision Sensitivity & Child Lock Capability
                                 Your height adjustable desk includes smart features that make it safer than any others on the market: our
                                 advanced-sensitivity anti-collision technology and our keypad lock.


                                 Special Height Ranges
                                 With the UPLIFT V2 Frame, you'll get a 25.5’’ - 51.1’’ height range (measurement includes 1" desktop), which is one of the
                                 widest height ranges available. Our UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame comes with a 22.6’’ - 48.7’’ height adjustment range
                                 (measurement includes 1" desktop), making it ANSI/BIFMA G1-2013 compliant. The UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame is ideal
                                 for offices that need to comply with BIFMA standards of height and stability.


                                 Improved Stability
                                 On both frames, we've tightened the tolerance between the three stages of our telescoping frame, further improving the
                                 desk's stability and enabling you to work at the highest heights without worry.


                                 The UPLIFT V2 Frame’s design is unique in that its legs are inverted, meaning that they are thicker at the top than the
                                 bottom. By having the thicker portion at the top, this gives us the surface to weld a stability brace onto each leg,
                                 providing robust support without the need for a crossbar.


                                 The V2-Commercial Frame differs in that it does not include stability braces. To combat this, our designers included a
                                 crossbar to further stabilize this frame. Additionally, its legs have a 35% larger cross-sectional area where they meet the
                                 desk foot, boosting stability even more.



   What safety features come on the UPLIFT V2 & UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frames?
   The keypad lock lets you block access to your desk's height adjustment keypad, which is an ideal solution for protecting your
   desk in offices where children or foot traffic may be present. You'll also get an advanced anti-collision feature, which works by
   way of the desk's integrated accelerometer and 6-axis technology, found deep within its v4 control box. This technology stops
   your desk from colliding with objects in its path. In the instance that it does, your desk will stop and slightly reverse, which lets
   you remove the object in the way and get back to work.




   https://www.upliftdesk.com/              https://www.facebook.com/UPLIFTDesk1   https://twitter.com/UPLIFTDesk   https://www.instagram.com/upliftdesk/   https://www.youtube.com/user/thehumansolution




                                                                                                                                                                                                            FAQ-V2-FR Rev. 1.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FAQs


Why would I choose the UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame over the UPLIFT V2 Frame?
While our UPLIFT V2 Frame works well for just about everyone, some users and offices prefer or require the height range of the
UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame. The UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame was designed with a slightly modified height range of 22.6’’ to
48.7’’ for a 1’’ desktop (2’’ lower than our UPLIFT V2 Frame), which works well for organizations that need to meet the ANSI/BIFMA
G1-2013 height standard (see diagram 1.0). Our UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame also allows users to add casters to their desk and still
achieve a low enough seated height for shorter or petite users. Others choose it because they appreciate the crossbar and larger
lifting columns, which increase stability.



What is the ANSI/BIFMA X5.5-2014 Durability Standard?
The Durability X5.5-2014 Standard ensures that both of our UPLIFT V2 desks meet and exceed strict tests of desk loading,
racking, leg strength, vertical adjustment, and cycle testing.



What is the ANSI/BIFMA G1-2013 Height Standard?
Our UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame meets or exceeds the ANSI/BIFMA G1-2013 height requirement standard, meaning that it has
a height range of 22.6’’ to 48.7’’ (with a 1’’ desktop installed). This enables people from 5’0’’ to 6’3’’ tall, whether seated or stand-
ing, to work ergonomically at this desk (see diagram 1.0).



Why does the UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame have a crossbar?
         Some desks that meet the reduced-seated-height requirement of the ANSI/BIFMA G1-2013 height standard (see diagram 1.0) are
         not stable at their tallest height, which means that users may experience some wobbling of their desks. This is due to the
         reduced overlap between the legs' three stageswhich is a drawback of lowering the desk's minimum height while trying to
         maintain a wide height range, as required by the ANSI/BIFMA standard mentioned. Our solid-steel lower crossbar solves all of
         this. We also beefed up our UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame's legs with a 35% larger cross-sectional area than the UPLIFT V2 Frame's
         legs—to maximize stability even more. Our lower crossbar also telescopes to fit desktops 42’’ to 80’’ wide, so you can swap tops
         or change configurations if you ever need to.

Our UPLIFT V2 Frame doesn't include this crossbar: Its height range gives it more overlap between the linear actuator leg
segments. Instead, we designed it with a stability brace welded onto each leg, along with dual-integrated center rails that attach
just beneath the desktop, for hidden upper-crossbar support. If you have any questions at all about which desk is right for you,
please don't hesitate to reach out to us.




                                                                                                                                                                                              diagram 1.0

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           6’3”




                                                                                                                                                                                                            5’


                                                                        ANSI/BIFMA G1-2013
                                                                        Height Standard                                                                                                                                                                         48.7’’

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  22.6’’



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Measurements represent desk with 1’’ desktop




https://www.upliftdesk.com/   https://www.facebook.com/UPLIFTDesk1   https://twitter.com/UPLIFTDesk   https://www.instagram.com/upliftdesk/   https://www.youtube.com/user/thehumansolution




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         FAQ-V2-FR Rev. 1.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                    FAQs


Does the UPLIFT V2-Commercial Frame have the same features as the UPLIFT V2 Frame?
You bet! Although the upper and lower height limits are a little different, both offer a very similar height adjustment range of
about 26’’. In addition, both frames include patent-pending integrated mounting points, for the easy attachment of both current
and future accessories, a telescoping design that adjusts to fit a wide variety of desktop sizes, and a wire management tray that
helps contain loose wires and can hold a surge protector or power strip.




General
Is there an easy way to tell which version of the control box I have?
You bet! Take a look at the silver label on your control box. If it says v4.1, v4.2, or v4.3, you know you have the newest version of
UPLIFT Desk's control box, which includes our latest features!



What's new in the version 4 control box?
The latest version of our control box boasts a few new features we think you'll love. Enjoy peace of mind with our anti-collision
technology, which stops your desk when it comes into contact with a person or an object. In addition, we've added a new keypad
lock, which is especially useful for keeping kids from playing elevator with the desk. You can also toggle between one-touch and
constant-touch modes easier than ever before—just press a few buttons! And both "metric" and "standard" enthusiasts will be
pleased to hear that you can now switch between inches and centimeters on your keypad.



What is the keypad lock feature? How do I use it?
In order to add an extra layer of safety to our desks, we designed our newest control boxes with a lockout feature, so that
children or other users can't adjust the desk when the lock is activated. To lock the keypad, press the "M" button for 5 seconds,
until the LED switches to "LOC." To unlock it, press the "M" button again for 5 seconds.



If I live outside of the United States, will this frame work with my outlets and voltage?
All control boxes by UPLIFT Desk are designed to run on the US electricity standard of 120V. If you are ordering an UPLIFT Desk
frame from outside the United States (other than Canada), you'll need to plug it into a step-down transformer first. If you don't
use a transformer, you run the risk of overloading your frame's control box, which is not covered by warranty. If you have any
questions at all regarding how your country's voltage works with this frame, call, email, or chat us.



How many motors are in your desk frames?
UPLIFT Desk frames are exclusively built with a dual-motor design on our 2-leg desks, which means there is a motor in each leg.
Many competitor desks run off a single motor, which affects their lifting capacity and reliability. Following the same design, our
3-leg desks come with three motors, and our 4-leg desks come with four.



What is a 3-stage frame?
UPLIFT Desk frames are industry leading, thanks to our three-stage desk design. Our frames adjust up and down by three
spindles—instead of just two, which is what you'll normally find in a height adjustable desk. This makes our desks 33% quicker
to adjust, saving you time throughout the day.




https://www.upliftdesk.com/   https://www.facebook.com/UPLIFTDesk1   https://twitter.com/UPLIFTDesk   https://www.instagram.com/upliftdesk/   https://www.youtube.com/user/thehumansolution




                                                                                                                                                                                              FAQ-V2-FR Rev. 1.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  FAQs


Troubleshooting
My desk stopped working. Is something wrong?
In most cases, no. You may just have to do a simple reset of your control box. It takes less than a minute and fixes a majority of
desk errors. If you're seeing any of these error codes on your advanced keypad, follow the instructions below: R5T, ER1, ER2, ER7, or
ER8.


Before beginning the reset process, make sure that your desk is plugged in and you've removed all the items from under your
desk.


                                        Desk Reset Process
                                        1. With your desk at any height, press and hold the down arrow button on the keypad.
                                          Continue holding the down arrow until your desk reaches its lowest position.


                                        2. Next, press and hold the down arrow again for 5 seconds, until ASR is displayed on
                                          the screen.


                                        3. Press and hold the down arrow once again until the desk lowers, clicks, and then
                                          raises slightly.


                                        4. Once a height is displayed, let go of the down button; your desk has been reset.


If your desk uses a standard keypad, follow the same procedure. You can double-check that your desk reset worked. If a height is
shown on the display, or if your desk moves when you press the up button, then you know the reset is complete. If you continue
to have trouble, please don't hesitate to give us a call. Our support team is ready to help!




                              For technical questions and support call 800-349-3839, email info@upliftdesk.com, or visit our chat service at upliftdesk.com




https://www.upliftdesk.com/                 https://www.facebook.com/UPLIFTDesk1   https://twitter.com/UPLIFTDesk   https://www.instagram.com/upliftdesk/   https://www.youtube.com/user/thehumansolution




                                                                                                                                                                                                            FAQ-V2-FR Rev. 1.0
